 Amazon killing off its Local daily deals site - Nov. ", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out The Buzz Amazon killing off its Local daily deals site By Paul R. La Monica @lamonicabuzz How the heck does Amazon make money? Amazon is shutting down its local daily deals site and mobile app next month, another ominous sign for a business that was once considered hot. According to the website for Amazon Local, customers can continue to make purchases between now and December "". Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) said that all vouchers already bought will continue to remain valid. The demise of Amazon Local comes just weeks after another daily deals site, LivingSocial, announced that it was laying off about "00 people, "0% of its staff. Amazon was once an investor in LivingSocial. But Amazon took a $"6' million writedown on its LivingSocial stake three years ago. And the other company synonymous with daily deals, Groupon (GRPN), is in trouble too. It announced in September that it was cutting ","00 jobs -- mostly from its international operations. The stock has lost more than half its value so far this year. Groupon is now worth just $".4 billion -- a far cry from the $6 billion that Google (GOOGL, Tech'0) offered to buy it for a few years ago. Related: Groupon announces big layoffs Groupon will report its latest quarterly results after the closing bell Tuesday. Analysts are predicting that both sales and profits will be down from last year's third quarter. This should be a cautionary tale for techs, particularly privately-held unicorns, about how rapidly the tastes of consumers and investors change. As Heidi Klum says on "Project Runway, "-- "One day you're in and the next day you're out!" Local daily deals were once thought to be the holy grail for Web commerce. When Amazon invested in LivingSocial in "0"0, LivingSocial's valuation was estimated at $" billion. That made it a unicorn -- years before the phrase become the popular way to refer to ten-figure startups. Groupon started being used as a verb, just like Google. Related: Who is buying Apple products? Old men CBS (CBS) even ordered a pilot for a sitcom about Millennials working at the real Groupon in "0"". With Christopher Mintz-Plasse (McLovin from "Superbad") starring no less! The show -- curiously titled "Friend Me" (remember, it was about Groupon, not Facebook (FB, Tech'0)) -- never aired though. If it did, the show quickly would have turned into a sad melodrama. Amazon was not immediately available for comment about why it was shutting down Local, which it launched a little more than four years ago. But in an FAQ section on its site, Amazon said it was not exiting the local commerce business entirely. "Amazon still helps connect customers to local businesses through a variety of offerings - including Amazon Home Services and Prime Now Restaurants," the company said. Related: LivingSocial slashes its staff Groupon and its rivals are hurting because local merchants now have many other ways to effectively market themselves beyond huge discounts on daily deals sites. Facebook is one. Yelp (YELP) is another. That's why Groupon has started to shift its focus away from those daily e-mails to other areas of e-commerce, such as travel as well as its Amazon and eBay (EBAY) competitors Groupon Goods and Groupon Stores. Arvind Bhatia, an analyst with Sterne Agee CRT, thinks there is still some hope for Groupon. "They have to transform their business even faster than they have been able to so far. They have to show that there is growth," he said. At a bare minimum, the upcoming closure of Amazon Local and LivingSocial's continued woes could give Groupon an opportunity to regain ground in daily deals. "They don't have as much competition anymore," Bhatia said. True. But the market went from being like the chocolate or vanilla of tech to rum raisin or butter brickle. Sure, somebody still likes them. That's still not saying much though. So take note, unicorns. It will be interesting to see if the sharing economy and messaging apps turn out to be as passe as daily deals by the time "0"0 rolls around. Related: HP's Meg Whitman sounds the alarm on unicorns Related: Should Uber be worth more than Ford, GM and Honda? CNNMoney (New York) November ", "0"5: "":'6 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .