 Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson " The Verge Trending now The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters "6 New articles Previous November '0, "0"5 "":"" PM The flagship smartphone is dead "":"0 AM Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week "":"" AM Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight "0:'" AM Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th "0:"' AM BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands ':"" AM You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album ":'0 AM It""'';s official: the next Bugatti hypercar is the Chiron, and it""'';ll be revealed in March ":'0 AM The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 ":0" AM Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time ":'0 AM First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead 6:50 AM Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed 6:4' AM More people chose to shop online than in-store this Thanksgiving weekend 5:5" AM Udemy responds to controversy over pirated online courses 4:40 AM Swatch partners with Visa to bring NFC payments to its analog smartwatch 4:0" AM Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund ":"6 AM VW executives reportedly knew about false fuel efficiency and emissions claims last year November "', "0"5 ':4" PM Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters 5:"5 PM New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "th 4:00 PM Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold ":4" PM Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson ":'0 PM Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses "":"5 PM Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden""'';s hot new SUV "":00 AM ""'';Alien megastructures""''; orbiting distant star are most likely comets, as expected ':'0 AM With Secret Hitler, Cards Against Humanity""'';s co-working space becomes an idea machine November "", "0"5 6:"" PM NASA""'';s ""'';Chemical Laptop""''; could help future rovers find life on alien planets 4:4" PM See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app ':'0 PM NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day ":"5 PM Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December ":00 PM Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts "":45 AM Tennessee’s half-mile-long spider web shows how little we know about our surroundings "0:'0 AM How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist? ':'0 AM Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper Next Menu Log in " Sign up Home Longform Reviews Video Tech Science Entertainment Cars Design US "amp; World Forums Search More Sections Back Home Longform All Longform All Verge Features Reviews All Reviews See All Products Video All Video '0 Seconds Detours On The Verge Reviews Small Empires The Big Future The Verge Mobile Show Top Shelf Verge Update WWDC "0"4 Tech All Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Photography Home Apps Science All Science Entertainment All Entertainment Film Movie Reviews TV Music Gaming Cars All Transportation Design All Design Architecture Typography Concepts Business All Business Policy "amp; Law US "amp; World All US "amp; World Politics National Security Forums All Forums Apple Core Apps "amp; Software Betamaxed Book Club Events Gaming Googleplex Hacks / DIY Linux / Open Source Meta Microsoft Tribe Mobile Off-topic / chit-chat PCs Science Tablet Talk The Firm The Fringe The Lens Transportation Web "amp; Social Previous Story Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses Next Story Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold Tech Transportation Amazon Aviation Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson New prototype is 'part helicopter and part airplane' By Dante D""'';Orazio on November "', "0"5 0":4" pm @dantedorazio "' Tweet Share Share on Facebook Tweet Share Pin Share Amazon is back with its latest vision for its Prime Air drone delivery system — and this time the company has brought its high-profile celebrity, TV show host and gearhead Jeremy Clarkson, along for the ride. In a slick new ad and FAQ page published today, the company demonstrates what Prime Air could look like if and when regulators approve deliveries by unmanned aerial vehicles.The ad shows a new prototype model of the Prime Air drone — this one looks larger and quite a bit more custom-tailored to deliveries than the model first shown a couple of years ago. It features two propeller systems: one for vertical takeoff and another for horizontal travel to the destination. In an email, an Amazon spokesperson calls it "part helicopter and part airplane," adding that the design lets it "fly long distances efficiently and go straight up and down in a safe, agile way." "Different designs for different environments."This isn't the only drone Amazon is working on. The spokesperson notes that "It is one of many prototype vehicles we have developed" and Clarkson adds in the commercial that "In time, there'll be a whole family of Amazon drones; different designs for different environments." In this demo, it appears customers will set up a little landing zone in their backyard that the drone can sense and land on to deliver the package. The other details of this delivery system remain the same however: Amazon is pushing the FAA to allow it to use airspace below 400 feet to deliver packages weighing less than five pounds to houses "0–"5 miles from warehouses. Clarkson is also sure to note the drone's safety features, which include Amazon's proposed "sense and avoid" technology. Since there are too many drones for air traffic controllers to handle, such a system would allow drones to theorhetically avoid obstacles and other aircraft on their own.The whole process from order to delivery is supposed to take less than '0 minutes, but it faces many, many regulatory hurdles before it can become a reality in the US. The company itself notes that "putting Prime Air into service will take some time, but we will deploy when we have the regulatory support needed to realize our vision." A spokesperson also adds, "One day, seeing Prime Air vehicles will be as normal as seeing mail trucks on the road." It's likely this highly-produced ad is meant to turn up public pressure on the FAA so Amazon can bring its dream drone delivery system to life. SourceAmazon More from The Verge Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper The holiday tech support field guide TheLatest Headlines The flagship smartphone is dead Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album The best of Verge Video Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Discuss at Verge Video See more videos Back to top ^ The Sections Longform Video Reviews Tech Science Culture Cars Design Business US "amp; World The Basics Site Status About Contact Tip Us Forums Jobs The Elsewhere Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Ethics Statement - Community Guidelines Terms of Use - Privacy Policy All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox "copy; "0"5 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. X Log In Sign Up T F G Y O If you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. forgot? forgot? Remember me? Log In Sign Up T F G Y O Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot username? We'll email it to you. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot password? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Forgot username? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Almost done, By becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy. Authenticating Great! Choose an available username to complete sign up. In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. Yes, share my data Please don""'';t share my data