 Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) " The Verge Trending now The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters "6 New articles Previous November '0, "0"5 "":"" PM The flagship smartphone is dead "":"0 AM Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week "":"" AM Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight "0:'" AM Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th "0:"' AM BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands ':"" AM You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album ":'0 AM It""'';s official: the next Bugatti hypercar is the Chiron, and it""'';ll be revealed in March ":'0 AM The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 ":0" AM Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time ":'0 AM First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead 6:50 AM Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed 6:4' AM More people chose to shop online than in-store this Thanksgiving weekend 5:5" AM Udemy responds to controversy over pirated online courses 4:40 AM Swatch partners with Visa to bring NFC payments to its analog smartwatch 4:0" AM Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund ":"6 AM VW executives reportedly knew about false fuel efficiency and emissions claims last year November "', "0"5 ':4" PM Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters 5:"5 PM New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "th 4:00 PM Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold ":4" PM Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson ":'0 PM Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses "":"5 PM Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden""'';s hot new SUV "":00 AM ""'';Alien megastructures""''; orbiting distant star are most likely comets, as expected ':'0 AM With Secret Hitler, Cards Against Humanity""'';s co-working space becomes an idea machine November "", "0"5 6:"" PM NASA""'';s ""'';Chemical Laptop""''; could help future rovers find life on alien planets 4:4" PM See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app ':'0 PM NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day ":"5 PM Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December ":00 PM Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts "":45 AM Tennessee’s half-mile-long spider web shows how little we know about our surroundings "0:'0 AM How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist? ':'0 AM Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper Next Menu Log in " Sign up Home Longform Reviews Video Tech Science Entertainment Cars Design US "amp; World Forums Search More Sections Back Home Longform All Longform All Verge Features Reviews All Reviews See All Products Video All Video '0 Seconds Detours On The Verge Reviews Small Empires The Big Future The Verge Mobile Show Top Shelf Verge Update WWDC "0"4 Tech All Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Photography Home Apps Science All Science Entertainment All Entertainment Film Movie Reviews TV Music Gaming Cars All Transportation Design All Design Architecture Typography Concepts Business All Business Policy "amp; Law US "amp; World All US "amp; World Politics National Security Forums All Forums Apple Core Apps "amp; Software Betamaxed Book Club Events Gaming Googleplex Hacks / DIY Linux / Open Source Meta Microsoft Tribe Mobile Off-topic / chit-chat PCs Science Tablet Talk The Firm The Fringe The Lens Transportation Web "amp; Social Previous Story Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts Next Story NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day Entertainment Tech Amazon Film TV Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) By Bryan Bishop on November "", "0"5 0":"5 pm @bcbishop Tweet Share Share on Facebook Tweet Share Pin Share Sure, you haven’t even started to recover from the joy and terror of Thanksgiving yet, but it’s already time to look ahead to the winter holiday season — and streaming video services want you to know that they have your back. Netflix will finally release its much-trailered Bill Murray holiday special on December 4th, starting the month off on a festive note before letting the much-dreaded Adam Sandler flick The Ridiculous Six out into the world just one week later. More importantly, Oscar hopeful Tangerine will also be arriving on Netflix, giving the film an even broader platform for its groundbreaking awards campaign.Amazon, on the other hand, will be launching the second season of its acclaimed series Transparent on December ""th, the same day it’s adding Christopher Nolan’s Interstellar to its ranks. Amazon Prime subscribers will also soon be able to check out Ava DuVernay’s Selma as well as The Gambler. (No, not the James Caan one. And not the Kenny Rogers ones, either.) Every month also brings with it a number of movies that are disappearing, and in December Netflix is facing some pretty distressing departures. Christopher Nolan’s Batman Begins will be gone as of December "st, as will All About Eve, Silence of the Lambs, and My Best Friend’s Wedding. Perhaps most devastating of all, however, will be the loss of both The Dark Crystal and Labyrinth. Watch, my friends, and remember Jim Henson while you still can.Coming to NetflixDecember "st "DeathToSelfie ("0"4) '0 for '0: Chasing Tyson ("0"5) 50 Shades of They, season " A Christmas Star ("0"5) A Genius Leaves the Hood: The Unauthorized Story of Jay Z ("0"4) Amnesiac ("0"5) Broadchurch, season " CBGB ("0"') Christmas Wedding Baby ("0"4) The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury ("004) Cradle " the Grave ("00') Darkman ("''0) Detectorists, season "I’m Brent Morin Jenny’s Wedding ("0"5) Las mágicas historias de Plim Plim, season " Ray ("004) Real Rob, season " ("0"5) See You In Valhalla ("0"5) Sensitive Skin, season " Starting Over, season " Stir of Echoes ("''') Stir of Echoes: The Homecoming ("00") That Touch of Mink ("'6")Tyke: Elephant Outlaw Winning Life’s Battles, season "December "nd-4th Stations of the Cross ("0"4) Tangerine ("0"5) Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine ("0"5) A Very Murray Christmas ("0"5) Comedy Bang! Bang!, season 4 (additional episodes)December 5th-'th A Case of You ("0"') Dinosaur "' ("0"4) Inside Man, season ' Vampire Academy ("0"4) One "amp; Two ("0"5) Phoenix ("0"4) Xenia ("0"4) Phineas and Ferb, season 4 Trailer Park Boys: Drunk, High And Unemployed Live In Austin ("0"5)December ""th-""th The Adventures of Puss in Boots, season " The Ridiculous 6 ("0"5) The Da Vinci Code ("006) Drown ("0"4) Hart of Dixie, season 4 High Profits, season " Time Out of Mind ("0"4) Fresh Dressed ("0"5) Helix, season " F is for Family, season " Glitter Force, season " Making A Murderer, season "Mike Epps: Don’t Take It PersonalDecember "'th-"4th Chloe and Theo ("0"5) Leo the Lion ("0"') Magic Snowflake ("0"') Santa’s Apprentice ("0"0) El Señor de los Cielos, season ' Queen of Earth ("0"5) Invisible Sister ("0"5) Dawn of the Croods, season "December "5th-'"st Black Mirror, "White Christmas" episode Maron, season ' My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, season 5 Parenthood, season 6 Battle Creek, season " Manhattan Romance ("0"4) Violetta, season ' Nurse Jackie, seasons " through "Leaving NetflixDecember "stBatman BeginsAll About EveForces of NatureLabyrinthMy Best Friend’s WeddingSilence of the LambsSoap DishBrothers GrimmThe Dark CrystalDecember ""th-"5thRescue MeWhy Did I Get MarriedBridget Jones: The Edge of ReasonComing to Amazon Prime VideoDecember "st-'thSomething’s Gotta GiveBedazzledHoffaRiver Of No Return The Details ("0"")Meet Me in MontenegroDecember ""th-"5th Transparent, season "Interstellar Tumble Leaf, season "Cutie and the BoxerDecember "'th-""thSelma The Gambler ("0"4) Pusher ("0"")Stick ManDecember '0th Mozart in the Jungle, season " Black Beauty ("''4)Curly SueFree Willy More from The Verge Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold On Jessica Jones, rape doesn’t need to be seen to be devastating The science behind your brain""'';s love of a killer beat Victor Frankenstein is a madcap, ultimately pointless bromance The great Fallout 4 sustainable housing experiment The ""'';Oscar conversation""''; is only as white as The Hollywood Reporter wants it to be TheLatest Headlines The flagship smartphone is dead Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album Back to top ^ The Sections Longform Video Reviews Tech Science Culture Cars Design Business US "amp; World The Basics Site Status About Contact Tip Us Forums Jobs The Elsewhere Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Ethics Statement - Community Guidelines Terms of Use - Privacy Policy All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox "copy; "0"5 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. X Log In Sign Up T F G Y O If you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. forgot? forgot? Remember me? Log In Sign Up T F G Y O Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot username? We'll email it to you. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot password? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Forgot username? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Almost done, By becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy. Authenticating Great! Choose an available username to complete sign up. In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. Yes, share my data Please don""'';t share my data