 Amazon, the king of e-commerce, gets primed for "0"6 - CNET Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET "00 Appliances Audio Cameras Car Tech Desktops Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Storage Tablets TVs Wearable Tech Deals Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs "amp; Home Theaters Networking "amp; Wireless Windows " Windows "0 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs "amp; Home Theaters Networking "amp; Wireless Windows " Windows "0 Cameras All Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Car Tech CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily XCAR CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Deals Top Categories All Deals Cheapskate Black Friday Deals Web Hosting Deals Download Log In / Join Log In to CNET Sign In with Facebook Googleplus Yahoo Join CNET Member Benefits Facebook Googleplus Yahoo My Profile Forums Log Out US Edition Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español CNET Amazon, the king of e-commerce, gets primed for "0"6 Top Stories The biggest tech turkeys of "0"5 Firefox maker Mozilla: We don't need Google's money anymore Sony dominates as PS4 sales top '0 million Star Wars goes virtual reality with Google Cardboard Amazon adorns New York subway with Nazi insignia We cracked open an Apple Pencil so you don't have to What makes a Kickstarter campaign kick? Watch this teen destroy the Rubik's Cube world record NASA tries to rattle people in its sonic-boom room Crazy-bright '0,000-lumen LED flashlight turns night into day Revealed: The first word spoken in 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' CNETTech IndustryAmazon, the king of e-commerce, gets primed for "0"6Amazon, the king of e-commerce, gets primed for "0"6Amazon's Prime membership service will help the company continue to dominate online shopping, this holiday season and beyond.by Ben Fox Rubin @benfoxrubin / November '0, "0"54:00 AM PSTTech IndustryNovember '0, "0"54:00 AM PSTby Ben Fox Rubin @benfoxrubinfacebooktwitterlinkedingoogleplusemailcommentsmoreredditpinteresttumblr If it weren't for Prime, Amazon might have been just the name of a river. The top revenue-maker in online retail worldwide owes much of its success to its Prime membership service, which the Seattle company started in "005 with an offer of free and speedy shipping. In the "0 years since then, Amazon has been piling on goodies to lure more customers into the club, after realizing Prime can lock customers into its website and services. There's good reason for this. Prime benefits are so enticing that once folks plunk down the $'' annual entry fee, they're transformed into cash machines for Amazon's retail business, usually spending twice as much on the site as nonmembers. With an estimated 4" million US accounts, Prime has become so successful that rivals Walmart and eBay started testing similar membership shipping programs.Amazon's Prime members have been keeping the e-commerce titan's warehouses busy. And that's just the way Amazon likes it. Macduff Everton/Corbis "Prime is doing well and is the key to the retail strategy," said David Mitchell Smith, an analyst for Gartner who researches Amazon. "It builds loyalty and makes it so that people spend more."Looking to make Prime even bigger, Amazon this year built out a rapid-deliveries network for Prime customers, bolstered its lineup of original shows on its Prime Video streaming service and even invented a sales holiday called Prime Day that -- you guessed it -- offered members-only deals. How all-encompassing is the Prime experience? Enthusiasts can now even deliver packages for Amazon, with a new program that hires regular folks as on-demand drivers."We will continue to invest in developing faster shipping methods, expanded selection and incredible content for members to watch, read and listen," Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. As Amazon dives into another holiday-shopping season, expect the company to keep capitalizing on Prime to remain the top dog in Internet retail. Further out, look for Amazon to develop a handful of major projects, including its digital studio, homegrown electronics and delivery drones. It will all be in the service of keeping Prime customers coming back for more.Ready for prime time To get a sense of Amazon's growing ambitions, consider its video effort called Amazon Studios.A promotional image for Amazon's "The Man in the High Castle." Amazon This year was a good one for the company on that front. "Transparent," which follows a Los Angeles family as its patriarch's secret life comes out, brought Amazon's 5-year-old studio its first wins at the Golden Globes and Emmys. Now buzz is growing for another original, "The Man in the High Castle," an alternate-history drama about the conclusion of World War II. If Amazon can keep up interest in its original shows, Prime Video could become just as strong a pull for new members as no-fees shipping. Creating these kinds of new Prime benefits will be critical to growing the ranks of Prime devotees, analysts say. Another area of focus recently has been the so-called "Internet of Things," the concept of connecting all kinds of objects to the Web. Last month, the company's Amazon Web Services division unveiled AWS IoT, a service that has the potential to link cars, medical devices, household appliances and other objects to its software and servers. The announcement added Amazon to a heated race involving tech giants such as Google, Apple and Samsung, all of whom see this technology as the next stage in the industry's growth. The Internet of Things market is expected to be huge, connecting millions of devices and generating spending of $"." trillion by "0"0, according to researcher IDC. Amazon isn't just creating software and services. It's also building items that connect to the Internet. For example, there's the Amazon Echo, a personal assistant in the form of a giant cylindrical speaker, and the so-called Dash buttons, which make it easy to reorder a product with a single click of the tiny devices. Expect the company to keep inventing new household devices, especially those that make ordering from its online storefront even easier.Deliver us from waiting One of Amazon's biggest projects this year was its expansion of Prime Now, which offers one- and two-hour deliveries of items including toilet paper, TVs and (in some cities) restaurant food and alcohol. The members-only service started in New York City last December and has grown to more than "0 metro areas, mostly in the US. The "5 best Cyber Monday deals of "0"5 " - 5 of "" Next Prev The rapid-delivery service should help Amazon become a tougher competitor against local drugstores and big-box retailers, encouraging customers to skip a store visit and spend more with Amazon. The Prime Now service, along with same- and next-day deliveries in some cities, is changing consumers' expectations for how quickly they should receive their packages and sparking a war among retailers to offer fast, low-cost shipping. "They've set the bar, just like they did with Amazon Prime, to say same-day is the new standard," said Daphne Carmeli, CEO of Deliv, a rapid-delivery service based in Menlo Park, California, that partners with Macy's, Kohl's and other brick-and-mortar retailers. Amazon has said it plans to continue Prime Now's expansion globally. Further down the line, it hopes to deliver packages using airborne drones, an idea that Walmart is testing out, too. The federal government, though, is still hammering out drone regulations, so don't expect your shampoo to get delivered from the sky just yet. "It's going to be more than one year," said Gartner's Smith, "for it to mature."Tags: Tech Industry Discuss: Amazon, the king of e-commerce, gets primed...Conversation powered by LivefyreShow CommentsHide CommentsFeatured VideoTop 5 ways to reuse an Android deviceGot an old Android device not doing anything? Find out what else it can do other than collect dust.by Iyaz AkhtarNovember '0, "0"5 © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Car Tech Desktops Laptops Phones Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing Tomorrow Daily XCAR CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET "00 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS