 First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead " The Verge Trending now The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters "6 New articles Previous November '0, "0"5 "":"" PM The flagship smartphone is dead "":"0 AM Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week "":"" AM Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight "0:'" AM Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th "0:"' AM BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands ':"" AM You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album ":'0 AM It""'';s official: the next Bugatti hypercar is the Chiron, and it""'';ll be revealed in March ":'0 AM The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 ":0" AM Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time ":'0 AM First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead 6:50 AM Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed 6:4' AM More people chose to shop online than in-store this Thanksgiving weekend 5:5" AM Udemy responds to controversy over pirated online courses 4:40 AM Swatch partners with Visa to bring NFC payments to its analog smartwatch 4:0" AM Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund ":"6 AM VW executives reportedly knew about false fuel efficiency and emissions claims last year November "', "0"5 ':4" PM Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters 5:"5 PM New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "th 4:00 PM Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold ":4" PM Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson ":'0 PM Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses "":"5 PM Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden""'';s hot new SUV "":00 AM ""'';Alien megastructures""''; orbiting distant star are most likely comets, as expected ':'0 AM With Secret Hitler, Cards Against Humanity""'';s co-working space becomes an idea machine November "", "0"5 6:"" PM NASA""'';s ""'';Chemical Laptop""''; could help future rovers find life on alien planets 4:4" PM See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app ':'0 PM NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day ":"5 PM Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December ":00 PM Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts "":45 AM Tennessee’s half-mile-long spider web shows how little we know about our surroundings "0:'0 AM How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist? ':'0 AM Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper Next Menu Log in " Sign up Home Longform Reviews Video Tech Science Entertainment Cars Design US "amp; World Forums Search More Sections Back Home Longform All Longform All Verge Features Reviews All Reviews See All Products Video All Video '0 Seconds Detours On The Verge Reviews Small Empires The Big Future The Verge Mobile Show Top Shelf Verge Update WWDC "0"4 Tech All Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Photography Home Apps Science All Science Entertainment All Entertainment Film Movie Reviews TV Music Gaming Cars All Transportation Design All Design Architecture Typography Concepts Business All Business Policy "amp; Law US "amp; World All US "amp; World Politics National Security Forums All Forums Apple Core Apps "amp; Software Betamaxed Book Club Events Gaming Googleplex Hacks / DIY Linux / Open Source Meta Microsoft Tribe Mobile Off-topic / chit-chat PCs Science Tablet Talk The Firm The Fringe The Lens Transportation Web "amp; Social Previous Story Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed Next Story Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time First Click First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead November '0th, "0"5 By Thomas Ricker on November '0, "0"5 0":'0 am @Trixxy Tweet Share Share on Facebook Tweet Share Pin Share Congratulations, you did it. You survived an event so sinister it’s been branded as “Black Friday.” How’d you do it? Did you hide yourself away in a cinema watching Creed, Pixar’s latest, or the new Hunger Games? Or maybe you phoned it in with Erykah Badu’s new mixtape? Regardless of how you coped, you’ve woken up to “Cyber Monday,” the day you do your holiday shopping online… exactly like every other day. Nevertheless, we’ll be wrapping up all the best deals for you shortly.It's bound to be a slow week in tech now that most of this year's product announcements are available to purchase. Still, there will be plenty of new releases on the entertainment front.Rihanna’s "th studio album Anti is expected to debut any day now. As of "0AM local time, Tidal subscribers can already purchase tickets for the Anti world tour a full three days ahead of general availability.Friday December 4th will see the premiere of Michael Fassbender in Macbeth, and the Christmas horror story titled Krampus from director Michael Dougherty. That’s also the day that Life premieres starring Dane DeHaan as James Dean, and Robert Pattinson as the photographer assigned to shoot the free-spirited actor. Coldplay’s new album, A Head Full of Dreams is coming on Friday as well.But hey, that’s all yet to come. First let’s get you caught up on the weekend that was. Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy ClarksonAmazon is back with its latest vision for its Prime Air drone delivery system — and this time the company has brought its high-profile celebrity, TV show host and gearhead Jeremy Clarkson, along... See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality appThe human eye is remarkable, but it only lets us see a very small sliver of electromagnetic waves. It's nearly impossible to imagine what our world would look like if we could see beyond the... New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "thWe've been hearing a lot about Amazon's new big-budget car show with former Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond, and James May, but what about the future of the BBC show itself?... Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fundBill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg have launched a new global initiative aimed at spurring private sector investment in clean energy. Zuckerberg announced the launch of the Breakthrough Energy... Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden's hot new SUVWhen you’re looking to make a lasting impression, it’s best to take the time to get it right. While the click-hungry musicians of the moment are constantly dropping new tracks and teasers, my... Adele's "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies soldWe already knew Adele's "5, her first new album in nearly half a decade, was a monster hit. The album bested *NSYNC's No Strings Attached single-week US record just a few days after release, when... Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stuntsThis month, Tony Hawk became the first person to ever skateboard a "horizontal loop" — essentially a tornado of wood that he built smack in the middle of a half-pipe with the help of Sony's Action... Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paperRange Rovers, for all their luxury, are still off-roaders at heart. (At least, I think they are — I can't think of any other explanation for a press photo of the recently announced Evoque... Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this DecemberSure, you haven’t even started to recover from the joy and terror of Thanksgiving yet, but it’s already time to look ahead to the winter holiday season — and streaming video services want you to... How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist?Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user... Retirement of the day Dear Basketball: https://t.co/KDecft6BO" "KB"0— Kobe Bryant (@kobebryant) November "', "0"5 More from The Verge Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper The best of Verge Video Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Discuss at Verge Video See more videos Back to top ^ The Sections Longform Video Reviews Tech Science Culture Cars Design Business US "amp; World The Basics Site Status About Contact Tip Us Forums Jobs The Elsewhere Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Ethics Statement - Community Guidelines Terms of Use - Privacy Policy All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox "copy; "0"5 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. X Log In Sign Up T F G Y O If you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. forgot? forgot? Remember me? Log In Sign Up T F G Y O Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot username? We'll email it to you. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot password? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Forgot username? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Almost done, By becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy. Authenticating Great! Choose an available username to complete sign up. In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. Yes, share my data Please don""'';t share my data