 Amazon built the Star Trek computer for your house - Jul. "4, "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Gadget Amazon built the Star Trek computer for your house By Hope King @lisahopeking How the heck does Amazon make money? The Amazon Echo is like a standalone Siri that sits on your coffee or kitchen table. It looks like a roll of paper towels and is almost less useful in its current version. But it represents an extremely promising future. That future would look something like this: Every day when you come home from work, the Echo (or something like it) will tell you when the mailman came by, how many times your heat or air conditioning turned on, and whether or not your kids finished the milk in the fridge. Then, when you're kicking off your shoes and changing into house clothes, you can preheat the oven, and turn on and change the channel on the TV in the kitchen -- all from your bedroom. We're not there yet, but with something like the Amazon Echo, we're getting closer to a Star-Trek-like computer in your home. Here's what it does Essentially, the Echo is a piece of home decor or furniture you can talk to. It controls other things in your house and lets you search the Web (using Bing) for mundane information. The Echo is controlled by voice commands beginning with the trigger words "Alexa" or "Amazon." A ring of lights at the top of the black cylinder turns blue, orange, or red as it listens, processes, responds, or sits idle. It talks back in crystal clear sound using natural language. You can also instruct it to turn other electronics on and off if they're connected to the same Wi-Fi network. Currently, only about a dozen products are compatible with the Echo. Mainly plugs and light bulbs. It can recognize your voice from far across the room, even while it's in the middle of telling you about traffic conditions, or playing music or audiobooks. If you connect your Google calendar, you can command the Echo to give you a summary of your week, set alarms, timers, and compose task lists. And, because the device is linked to your Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) account, you can tell the Echo to add things you've previously purchased to your shopping cart. You can access a list of all the commands you've given it through a dedicated mobile app. The more you use it, the smarter it gets. The promise The Echo has received rave reviews since going on sale earlier this summer. It has a four and a half star rating from close to "',000 customers. The '% of people who gave it one or two stars say it's not worth the $""'. One described it as a "slightly glorified MP' player." After having it on my living room table for two weeks, I tend to agree with this sentiment. Amazon itself lists the product in its "Home Audio Speakers" category. Although the Echo is impressive in many ways -- amazing sound quality, speedy response time, beautiful design -- it's not portable, and it doesn't actually do much for someone like me or other people who live less complex lives in small places. I'm not married, I don't have kids, I live in a New York City apartment. I don't spend that much time in the kitchen, which is where the hands-free feature is most useful. I own no connected light bulbs and plugs. And if I need an answer to something or want to play music, I have a cell phone which is a far more powerful computer at this point. A virtual assistant would be imperative if I had a huge house with multiple rooms, lots of responsibilities to juggle. Even then, an Echo-like system would be much more useful if it could help me pay bills, compose email, and set up travel plans. How we reach the future Google (GOOGL, Tech'0), Apple (AAPL, Tech'0), and other large tech and telecommunications companies have been developing ways for people and businesses to control their physical lives digitally for a while now. Most of the existing platforms are managed through mobile apps. Some, including AT"amp;T (T, Tech'0), have already integrated their Web-connected home security systems into cars. However, none of these networks will be useful enough until our homes are filled with connected devices that can be controlled by a central operating system. At the same time, it's important to start building foundations now so that everything will work together once all of our peripheries are online. In building the Echo, Amazon is tackling both problems at the same time. Related: Amazon posts a profit and shares soar Related: Jeff Bezos is hands-on when deciding which TV shows and movies Amazon should make CNNMoney (New York) July "4, "0"5: ":"" AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .