 Amazon just made a $50 tablet - Sep. "", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Amazon just made a $50 tablet and you can buy a six pack By Heather Kelly @heatherkelly The new "-inch Amazon Fire is cheap $50 tablet. It's available in a six pack. You never know when you'll need a tablet, so you might as well stock up. Good news: Amazon has made a $50, "-inch Fire tablet. The bottom-of-the-line device is so inexpensive, Amazon is even selling it in six packs. Get six tablets for the price of five ($"50). Stash a couple in the car, one in the bathroom, and one by the bed as an alarm clock. Stick one on the fridge for recipes, hang one on the wall for photos, and keep a stack by the door for trick or treaters. There are many dirt cheap Android tablets on the market, but Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) claims its little Fire tablet is solidly made. It has a ".' GHz processor, a front and back camera, "GB of storage, plus an SD card slot if you need more space. The key to the price is a cheaper but high-quality IPS display. The company announced the new tablet along with an updated line of Fire TV devices and larger tablets on Thursday. There's a new $"00 Fire TV set-top box with support for 4K video, and a new version of $50 Amazon's Fire TV Stick. Both come with a remote. The "voice search" button on the remote accesses Alexa, Amazon's version of the Siri smart assistant. Amazon's newest line-up of Fire TV products now work with the Alexa voice assistant. Just like on the new Apple TV, you can now speak commands to your Fire TV, even older versions. Tell it to "Show movies staring Helen Slater" or ask for weather and traffic information. (Sadly, you cannot control your Fire TV using Alexa on the Echo yet.) Both TV devices have third-party games and the usual streaming apps. There's even an optional gaming edition of the Fire TV that comes with an Amazon game controller. Amazon's new tablets include a $"50 "-inch Fire HD, a $"'0 "0-inch Fire HD, and a $"00 Kids Edition tablet. Amazon says they're built to be durable, especially the kids version. It comes with a colorful bumper case and a no-questions-asked "-year replacement guarantee if your child manages to destroy it. All the new tablets run Fire OS 5, the newest version of Amazon's Fire operating system. In addition to design and performance improvements, OS 5 includes a very odd new feature called Word Runner. The speed reading tool shows one word at a time on your screen. Supposedly it helps you read faster and improves reading comprehension. Amazon approaches its hardware pricing in a unique way. Its products are designed to be margin-neutral, meaning Amazon doesn't make a profit of the sale of the devices themselves. Instead it makes money down the line when customers use tablets or TVs to buy Amazon content, apps, or physical products through Amazon's store. That business plan is obvious as soon as you use an Amazon device. Each screen seems filled with recommendations of other Amazon content for you to buy or rent. But before you complain, remember that you're viewing those recommendations on a $50 tablet strapped to your bike's handlebars. Related: Amazon Prime now lets you download TV shows for offline streaming Related: Apple unveils new Apple TV and iPad Pro CNNMoney (San Francisco) September "", "0"5: "0:44 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .