 Amazon just stepped up its parental benefits - Nov. ", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Reinventing Work Amazon just stepped up its parental benefits By Kathryn Vasel @KathrynVasel Amazon fights 'brutal' workplace portrait Remember all that scathing criticism about Amazon having a poor work-life balance? Well, life for new parents at the online retail giant just got a little easier. The company announced a major overhaul to its parental leave policy on Monday. The new benefits mean: -New moms can take up "0 weeks of fully paid leave. -New dads can take six week at full salary. -Employees can share their parental leave with a partner who doesn't get paid leave. -Birth mothers and primary caregivers can ease back into work on a flexible schedule. Related: These companies have awesome benefits for parents The enhanced benefits come in the wake of a New York Times article published in August that called the company a "bruising workplace." The story included interviews with former Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) employees describing an environment that was hostile to those with families, including one ex-worker who said she was told that "raising children would most likely prevent her from success at a higher level because of the long hours required." The article prompted a broader discussion about work-life balance at large corporations. But Amazon claimed the article misrepresented its workplace culture. Last month, the company fired back at the Times and accused the paper of unbalanced reporting and shoddy fact checking. Related: Amazon and New York Times battle publicly over story's accuracy Amazon's new policy means that new mothers can now take up to "0 weeks of paid leave. Previously, new mothers got eight weeks at full pay. Birth mothers will now get four weeks of paid leave ahead of their due date and another "0 weeks of paid maternity leave. New moms and dads are also offered an additional six weeks of paid leave following the arrival of a child. This is particularly good news for fathers at the company who previously received no paid time off. The parental leave can be taken in one chunk or split into two three-week periods within the first "" months following the birth or adoption. The new policies go into effect next year. The paid leave benefits apply to full-time hourly and salaried employees who've been employed with the company for at least a year, including workers in fulfillment centers and customer services associates. The company also unveiled a new program called "Leave Share" that allows workers to share their six-week parental leave with a partner who doesn't get any paid leave. "When you return from your paid leave, you'll receive your base pay for the unused portion of the parental leave in your next available paycheck along with your regular base pay," according to an internal memo obtained by CNNMoney. Amazon is also offering a "Ramp Back Program" that gives birth mothers and primary caregivers an eight-week transition period of flexible work time after they return to their jobs. Workers can choose from three reduced-hour plans that offer between 50-"5% pay for a period of eight weeks. Related: Amazon unveils 'Black Friday Deals' store Tech firm Nvidia (NVDA, Tech'0) also announced a sweetened parental leave policy Monday. Its offering new mothers "" weeks of paid leave, besting Amazon's new policy by "4 days. Fathers and adoptive and foster parents will get "" weeks. New parents previously received only six weeks of leave at full pay, plus an additional six weeks with reduced wages for birth moms. Nvidia, which is based in Silicon Valley and employs more than ',"00 people, said in a statement that its rolling out the policy for U.S. workers now and is working to expand it internationally. Related: Amazon killing off its Local daily deals site CNNMoney (New York) November ", "0"5: ":45 PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Mortgage "amp; Savings Around The Web CNNMoney Sponsors GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .