 Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight " The Verge Trending now The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters "6 New articles Previous November '0, "0"5 "":"" PM The flagship smartphone is dead "":"0 AM Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week "":"" AM Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight "0:'" AM Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th "0:"' AM BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands ':"" AM You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album ":'0 AM It""'';s official: the next Bugatti hypercar is the Chiron, and it""'';ll be revealed in March ":'0 AM The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 ":0" AM Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time ":'0 AM First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead 6:50 AM Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed 6:4' AM More people chose to shop online than in-store this Thanksgiving weekend 5:5" AM Udemy responds to controversy over pirated online courses 4:40 AM Swatch partners with Visa to bring NFC payments to its analog smartwatch 4:0" AM Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund ":"6 AM VW executives reportedly knew about false fuel efficiency and emissions claims last year November "', "0"5 ':4" PM Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters 5:"5 PM New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "th 4:00 PM Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold ":4" PM Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson ":'0 PM Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses "":"5 PM Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden""'';s hot new SUV "":00 AM ""'';Alien megastructures""''; orbiting distant star are most likely comets, as expected ':'0 AM With Secret Hitler, Cards Against Humanity""'';s co-working space becomes an idea machine November "", "0"5 6:"" PM NASA""'';s ""'';Chemical Laptop""''; could help future rovers find life on alien planets 4:4" PM See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app ':'0 PM NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day ":"5 PM Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December ":00 PM Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts "":45 AM Tennessee’s half-mile-long spider web shows how little we know about our surroundings "0:'0 AM How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist? ':'0 AM Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper Next Menu Log in " Sign up Home Longform Reviews Video Tech Science Entertainment Cars Design US "amp; World Forums Search More Sections Back Home Longform All Longform All Verge Features Reviews All Reviews See All Products Video All Video '0 Seconds Detours On The Verge Reviews Small Empires The Big Future The Verge Mobile Show Top Shelf Verge Update WWDC "0"4 Tech All Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Photography Home Apps Science All Science Entertainment All Entertainment Film Movie Reviews TV Music Gaming Cars All Transportation Design All Design Architecture Typography Concepts Business All Business Policy "amp; Law US "amp; World All US "amp; World Politics National Security Forums All Forums Apple Core Apps "amp; Software Betamaxed Book Club Events Gaming Googleplex Hacks / DIY Linux / Open Source Meta Microsoft Tribe Mobile Off-topic / chit-chat PCs Science Tablet Talk The Firm The Fringe The Lens Transportation Web "amp; Social Previous Story Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th Next Story Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this... Entertainment Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight By Chris Welch on November '0, "0"5 "":"" am @chriswelch Tweet Share Share on Facebook Tweet Share Pin Share Coming off a critically acclaimed and award-winning first season, Amazon's Transparent is nearing a return. Prime subscribers will be able to stream every episode of season two beginning on December ""th. But before that date rolls around, Amazon will offer fans an early preview by releasing the first episode tonight at "PM ET / 5PM PT. According to Deadline, "season two begins with a big, white wedding for Sarah and Tammy — but is it happily ever after?"Transparent's cast is led by Jeffrey Tambor, who received the top Emmy and Golden Globe awards for his phenomenal performance as Maura Pfefferman. Season one followed Maura's transition after decades as the family's patriarch. The show's careful mastery of gender identity and relationship issues put Amazon's original programming on the map, delivering a much-needed hit for the company in its ongoing feud with Netflix. Amazon has already renewed it for a third season. In only a few hours, we'll have a much better sense of whether the second go-round for Jill Solloway's series can live up to lofty expectations. SourceDeadline Related Items amazon transparent amazon originals amazon original programming transparent season two More from The Verge Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper TheLatest Headlines The flagship smartphone is dead Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album The best of Verge Video Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Discuss at Verge Video See more videos Back to top ^ The Sections Longform Video Reviews Tech Science Culture Cars Design Business US "amp; World The Basics Site Status About Contact Tip Us Forums Jobs The Elsewhere Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Ethics Statement - Community Guidelines Terms of Use - Privacy Policy All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox "copy; "0"5 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. X Log In Sign Up T F G Y O If you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. forgot? forgot? Remember me? Log In Sign Up T F G Y O Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot username? We'll email it to you. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot password? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Forgot username? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Almost done, By becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy. Authenticating Great! Choose an available username to complete sign up. In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. Yes, share my data Please don""'';t share my data