 Siri transforms the new Apple TV - Nov. ', "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Gadget Siri transforms the new Apple TV By Heather Kelly @heatherkelly Hands-on with the new Apple TV No matter how many times I ask Apple TV's Siri for shows starring "Bea Arthur," it only hears "be Arthur." Siri is one of the new Apple TV's most important features. It can stumble over proper names ("Keanu" took multiple tries but it nailed "Fassbender"), and Apple has saddled it with some key limitations. But ultimately, Siri is a neat way to surf TV. In addition to the Siri upgrade, the new gadget includes a fancy touchpad remote control, beautiful interface and an all new app store. Apple (AAPL, Tech'0) calls it the "future" of television. The product upgrade, the first in three years, is a huge leap forward for Apple. And after spending a few days watching TV (for journalism), I think it's very much the TV of our time. Television is still broken Setting up a new streaming TV device is a reminder of how frustrating, and pricy, modern TV can be. The Apple TV's set-up is fast. You hold your phone near the box and it imports your Apple ID and WiFi login. But then you need to download and sign into all your streaming services. Like all on-screen keyboards controlled with remotes, the on-screen keyboard on the Apple TV is terrible. If going letter to letter like on a Ouija board to spell out your email address and password is the future, I will take a book, thank you. The Apple TV starts at $"4'. If you're new to streaming TV, you have to sign up for subscription services like Netflix (NFLX, Tech'0) and Hulu. You're still expected to pay for cable to access content from certain channels. Even with all that, some content will still need to be paid for à la carte, including most iTunes offerings. These costs aren't unique to the Apple TV. They also happen with the Roku, Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) Fire TV, and Google's (GOOG) Chromecast. Apple has made some smart decisions to ease the pain of fragmentation. It has integrated five major services into the heart of the device: iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, HBO and Showtime. (Sadly, there is no Amazon app anywhere.) Siri-light Siri on the Apple TV is more like iOS Siri's younger, shy sibling. It does not say a peep out loud, only displaying replies on-screen. Its primary purpose is searching for content across the core apps. There are many reasons why this feature is awesome. You can hold down the dedicated Siri button on the remote and search for movies or TV shows by their title, actors, genre or date. Try "Movies starring Viola Davis" or ""'"0s TV comedies." (The Amazon Fire TV remote also has voice search.) Siri fast forwards and rewinds. If you miss some dialog, say "What did she just say?" and it will rewind and replay the last bit with closed captioning. It will also show sports scores, the weather and stock prices, but that's pretty much where the fun stops. Siri can't search the app store or the web, or do many of the usual tasks you're used to from Siri on iOS. The biggest oversight is that Siri on the Apple TV doesn't work with Apple Music. On mobile devices, Siri is one of the best ways to cut through the cluttered Apple Music menus. Six buttons and a touchpad Half of the new Apple TV remote is a touch surface. Instead of using the traditional arrow buttons to move around the screen, you swipe around on the top half of the remote. It's fun to use, but doesn't really add much to the television watching experience. Sometimes the touch surface actually makes selecting things more difficult than it would be with regular buttons. Where the remote will really shine is with the coming wave of third-party apps. Inside the remote are an accelerometer and gyroscope. It can become a game controller, karaoke microphone or a workout buddy. (An optional remote app for the iPhone would be a great addition, and kill the on-screen keyboard.) Apps are going to be huge The most exciting, futuristic thing about the Apple TV is its app store. Not because it's a new idea (other streaming products also have apps), but because of Apple's huge following among top developers. The selection is still a bit thin and many offerings look like hasty conversions of iPhone apps. Some notable early examples are the Zillow real estate app, the Zova workout app and Coursera online classes. More are certain to follow, and they'll likely change how we use our TVs. Apple TV imagines taking the iPhone experience, a rich collection of apps for every possible task, and replicating it on the television screen. In many ways, the future of TV is not that different from mounting a really big iPad on your wall. Related: Apple's Eddy Cue explains what's different about new Apple TV Related: Amazon bans Apple TV, Google Chromecast CNNMoney (San Francisco) November ', "0"5: ":'0 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .