 Facebook expands parental leave policy to include employees outside the US " The Verge Trending now The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and 'a whole family' of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters "6 New articles Previous November '0, "0"5 "":"" PM The flagship smartphone is dead "":"0 AM Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week "":"" AM Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight "0:'" AM Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th "0:"' AM BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands ':"" AM You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album ":'0 AM It""'';s official: the next Bugatti hypercar is the Chiron, and it""'';ll be revealed in March ":'0 AM The "0 best deals of Cyber Monday "0"5 ":0" AM Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time ":'0 AM First Click: Amazon drones, Clarkson drones, and a preview of the week ahead 6:50 AM Hunger Games wins Thanksgiving box office ahead of Pixar and Creed 6:4' AM More people chose to shop online than in-store this Thanksgiving weekend 5:5" AM Udemy responds to controversy over pirated online courses 4:40 AM Swatch partners with Visa to bring NFC payments to its analog smartwatch 4:0" AM Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund ":"6 AM VW executives reportedly knew about false fuel efficiency and emissions claims last year November "', "0"5 ':4" PM Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters 5:"5 PM New Clarkson-less Top Gear will premiere on May "th 4:00 PM Adele""'';s "5 crushes single-week records with '.'" million copies sold ":4" PM Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson ":'0 PM Udemy faces criticism for profiting from pirated online courses "":"5 PM Volvo XC'0: a Thanksgiving road test for Sweden""'';s hot new SUV "":00 AM ""'';Alien megastructures""''; orbiting distant star are most likely comets, as expected ':'0 AM With Secret Hitler, Cards Against Humanity""'';s co-working space becomes an idea machine November "", "0"5 6:"" PM NASA""'';s ""'';Chemical Laptop""''; could help future rovers find life on alien planets 4:4" PM See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app ':'0 PM NSA will stop collecting bulk phone data by the end of the day ":"5 PM Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December ":00 PM Tony Hawk’s wild horizontal loop, and a brief history of extreme sports stunts "":45 AM Tennessee’s half-mile-long spider web shows how little we know about our surroundings "0:'0 AM How to be human: how do I tell my spouse I need a psychiatrist? ':'0 AM Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper Next Menu Log in " Sign up Home Longform Reviews Video Tech Science Entertainment Cars Design US "amp; World Forums Search More Sections Back Home Longform All Longform All Verge Features Reviews All Reviews See All Products Video All Video '0 Seconds Detours On The Verge Reviews Small Empires The Big Future The Verge Mobile Show Top Shelf Verge Update WWDC "0"4 Tech All Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Photography Home Apps Science All Science Entertainment All Entertainment Film Movie Reviews TV Music Gaming Cars All Transportation Design All Design Architecture Typography Concepts Business All Business Policy "amp; Law US "amp; World All US "amp; World Politics National Security Forums All Forums Apple Core Apps "amp; Software Betamaxed Book Club Events Gaming Googleplex Hacks / DIY Linux / Open Source Meta Microsoft Tribe Mobile Off-topic / chit-chat PCs Science Tablet Talk The Firm The Fringe The Lens Transportation Web "amp; Social Previous Story Google Glass could come back as a snake-like flexible headband Next Story A new patent reveals how Google""'';s self driving cars could talk to pedestrians Tech US "amp; World Facebook expands parental leave policy to include employees outside the US By Lizzie Plaugic on November "", "0"5 06:5" pm @space_clam (Pool/Getty Images) Tweet Share Share on Facebook Tweet Share Pin Share Last week, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he plans to take two months off after the birth of his daughter, echoing the tech industry's recent investment in paid parental leave. That two months is half of Facebook's current policy, which allows some new parents in the US to take up to four months off. Now Facebook is expanding that policy to include all new parents in the company who work full-time, regardless of gender or location.Beginning in "0"6The change "primarily affects new fathers and people in same-sex relationships outside the US," according to Facebook's head of human resources, Lori Matloff Goler. Facebook is the most recent major tech company to greatly improve or expand its parental leave policy. This past summer Netflix announced a new unlimited maternity and paternity leave policy. Shortly after, Amazon announced it would be implementing its first-ever paternal leave policy for new birth and adoptive fathers.That Zuckerberg is taking advantage of Facebook's policy is a good sign that other new fathers in the company will feel comfortable taking time off, and now that comfort can ripple outside the US. The benefits will apply to employees beginning January "st, "0"6. ViaThe Wall Street Journal More from The Verge Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg launch clean energy research fund Amazon teases Prime Air delivery and ""'';a whole family""''; of drones in new ad with Jeremy Clarkson Star Wars hype comes full circle with these new retro posters See the invisible wireless signals around you with this augmented reality app Peter Jackson is trolling Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings fans at the same time Everything coming to Netflix and Amazon Prime this December (and what to watch before it’s gone) Watch a Range Rover drive over a bridge made entirely of paper TheLatest Headlines The flagship smartphone is dead Chain restaurants in NYC to start putting warnings on extremely salty food this week Amazon will stream the first episode of Transparent""'';s second season tonight Animal Collective is releasing new album Painting With on February "'th BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands You’ll need a Nintendo Famicom to listen to this new chiptune album The best of Verge Video Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Why People Love Bass A self-folding electric scooter for the city The best tablet in "0"5 The secretive car company chasing Tesla iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro 4 comparison Discuss at Verge Video See more videos Back to top ^ The Sections Longform Video Reviews Tech Science Culture Cars Design Business US "amp; World The Basics Site Status About Contact Tip Us Forums Jobs The Elsewhere Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Instagram Subscribe Ethics Statement - Community Guidelines Terms of Use - Privacy Policy All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox "copy; "0"5 Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved. X Log In Sign Up T F G Y O If you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. forgot? forgot? Remember me? Log In Sign Up T F G Y O Forgot password? We'll email you a reset link. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot username? We'll email it to you. If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Forgot password? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Forgot username? If you signed up using a 'rd party account like Facebook or Twitter, please login with it instead. Try another email? Almost done, By becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our Terms and confirming that you have read our Privacy Policy. Authenticating Great! Choose an available username to complete sign up. In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook. Yes, share my data Please don""'';t share my data