 Mark Zuckerberg Plans "-Month Paternity Leave From Facebook - The New York Times Sections Home Search Skip to content The New York Times Bits " Mark Zuckerberg Plans "-Month Paternity Leave From Facebook Advertisement Search Log In 0 Settings Close search search sponsored by Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Loading... See next articles See previous articles Supported by Search Executives and Management Mark Zuckerberg Plans "-Month Paternity Leave From Facebook By Katie Benner November "0, "0"5 ":'" pm November "0, "0"5 ":'" pm Facebook"""""";s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, said he planned to take two months of paternity leave after his daughter is born this year, amid a debate about work-life balance at technology companies. In a post on Facebook on Friday, Mr. Zuckerberg said it was """""0;a personal decision,""""""; and added that """""0;studies show that when working parents take time to be with their newborns, outcomes are better for the children and families.""""""; Facebook gives employees in the United States as much as four months of paid maternity or paternity leave, he said. Facebook declined to comment.Family leave policies have become the subject of much discussion in the tech industry. In August, Netflix, the streaming video service, said it was beginning an unlimited leave policy for new mothers and fathers for the first year after the birth or adoption of a child. That same month, Microsoft said it would offer new parents an additional eight weeks of paid time off, in a boost to its previous policy. Adobe also shifted its leave policies, as did Amazon in November by offering "0 weeks of leave for birth mothers and as much as six weeks for fathers. Silicon Valley investors and executives have also debated what it takes to work at technology companies after The New York Times published an article in August about Amazon"""""";s bruising workplace culture. At the time, Jeff Bezos, Amazon"""""";s chief executive, said he did not """""0;recognize this Amazon and I very much hope you don"""""";t, either."""""";Mr. Zuckerberg revealed in July in a Facebook post that he and his wife, Priscilla Chan, were expecting their first child. He said he and Ms. Chan had had three miscarriages before this pregnancy, an unusually personal disclosure for an executive who has been largely private.In response to the paternity leave announcement, Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook"""""";s chief operating officer, posted: """""0;Enjoy the precious early months with your daughter """"""; I can"""""";t wait to meet her.""""""; Executives and Management, Social, Facebook Inc, Family Leaves, Paid Time Off, Parenting, Silicon Valley (Calif), Work-Life Balance, Workplace Environment, Zuckerberg, Mark E Loading... Previous Post Yahoo Restricts Ad-Blocking Software for Some Email Users Next Post Daily Report: Tech"""""";s Push Into Political Circles Visit the Technology section for complete coverage of the industry. »Most Viewed ". How Amazon’s Long Game Yielded a Retail Juggernaut ". Fans Demand Details After Death of a "'-Year-Old YouTube Star '. LivingSocial Offers a Cautionary Tale to Today’s Unicorns 4. How Apple TV Stacks Up: A Rundown of Streaming Devices 5. IBM’s Design-Centered Strategy to Set Free the Squares Latest From Bits Daily Report: Tech Tries to Keep Up in the New YearNokia Tries to Reinvent Itself, Again, by Taking Over Alcatel-LucentGardening Start-Up in China Chances Upon U.S. Marijuana MarketDaily Report: Turkey, Travel and TechnologyAlphabet Trying to Mix Heft With Start-Up Agility Follow us on@nytimesbits on twitterTwitterFollow Advertisement Go to Home Page "raquo; Site Index The New York Times News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art " Design ArtsBeat Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video Games Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion " Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings " Celebrations Listings " More Classifieds Tools " Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide TV Listings Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Times Insider Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions NYT Opinion Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition International New York Times "copy; "0"5 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions