 Facebook to Make Breaking Up Easier to Do - The New York Times Sections Home Search Skip to content The New York Times Bits " Facebook to Make Breaking Up Easier to Do Advertisement Search Log In 0 Settings Close search search sponsored by Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Loading... See next articles See previous articles Supported by Search Social Facebook to Make Breaking Up Easier to Do By Daniel Victor November "', "0"5 5:0' pm November "', "0"5 5:0' pm PhotoWith Facebook’s new feature, you can choose not to have the person show up in your news feed, and that person's name will not be suggested when a photo is tagged or a new message written.Credit In the critically acclaimed "004 film """""0;Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind,""""""; former lovers go through a medical procedure in order to forget each other.Luckily, they didn"""""";t have Facebook, which was just getting its start in a Harvard dormitory, to remind them of all they were missing.In a nod to the awkward new wrinkle that social media has added to ending a relationship, Facebook announced Thursday it was testing a set of new tools to make breaking up easier to do. The new tool essentially wipes memories from your news feed and blocks most updates from the person you are trying to forget.For some, ending a relationship has meant going back through years of photos and status messages, deleting or at least untagging them. Perhaps you want to remain Facebook friends, but don"""""";t particularly want to see that person"""""";s posts in your news feed, or have your old flame see statuses about your new one. Making that happen can be a chore. Facebook"""""";s new tools will allow a user to see less of a former partner without having to block that person or face the finality of unfriending. You can choose not to have the person show up in your news feed, and that person"""""";s name will not be suggested when a photo is tagged or a new message written. You can hide your posts from your former partner, unless you have tagged him or her. And the untagging trip down memory lane would no longer be necessary, with the ability to edit all of the posts in which the individual partner is tagged, all at once. You could also opt to edit each post individually.Your former partner would not be notified that you have made any of those decisions.Facebook is testing the feature with United States users on mobile devices, the company said, and will """""0;make changes and roll them out further based on people"""""";s feedback."""""";"""""0;We hope these tools will help people end relationships on Facebook with greater ease, comfort and sense of control,""""""; Kelly Winters, a Facebook product manager, wrote in a blog post announcing the changes. Facebook said the options would become available when users change their relationship status to indicate they are no longer in one. That, itself, can be a thorny relationship issue, with many users declining to ever declare themselves in a relationship to begin with. A version of this article appears in print on ""/"'/"0"5, on page B4 of the NewYork edition with the headline: Facebook Helps Users With Exes. Social, Dating and Relationships, Facebook Inc, Social Media Loading... Previous Post Mark Zuckerberg Gives $"0 Million to Help Schools Get Faster Internet Next Post A Reality Check for Microsoft"""""";s HoloLens Visit the Technology section for complete coverage of the industry. »Most Viewed ". How Amazon’s Long Game Yielded a Retail Juggernaut ". Fans Demand Details After Death of a "'-Year-Old YouTube Star '. LivingSocial Offers a Cautionary Tale to Today’s Unicorns 4. How Apple TV Stacks Up: A Rundown of Streaming Devices 5. IBM’s Design-Centered Strategy to Set Free the Squares Latest From Bits Daily Report: Tech Tries to Keep Up in the New YearNokia Tries to Reinvent Itself, Again, by Taking Over Alcatel-LucentGardening Start-Up in China Chances Upon U.S. Marijuana MarketDaily Report: Turkey, Travel and TechnologyAlphabet Trying to Mix Heft With Start-Up Agility Follow us on@nytimesbits on twitterTwitterFollow Advertisement Go to Home Page "raquo; Site Index The New York Times News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art " Design ArtsBeat Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video Games Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion " Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings " Celebrations Listings " More Classifieds Tools " Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide TV Listings Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Times Insider Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions NYT Opinion Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition International New York Times "copy; "0"5 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions