 Google plants Star Wars Easter egg - Nov. "4, "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Google plants Star Wars Easter egg By Aaron Smith @AaronSmithCNN Google "a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away" if you want to see the "Star Wars" Easter egg. Google "a long time ago in a galaxy far far away," and you'll see one of the better jokes that Google has hidden in its search code. Instead of the usual Google (GOOG) list of blue-fonted links against a sterile white background, the search term from the famous opening movie line summons a "Star Wars" style opening crawl, with the yellow-fonted links receding into space. The Easter egg is mimicking the opening credits of the seminal "'"" film - as pretty much everyone knows, since Googling that opening line generates 4'5 million search results. This is the latest in a long line of Easter eggs, which is tech slang for hidden treasures in the form of source code, that have popped up in online searches, video games and DVDs. Google is no stranger to Easter eggs. Type in "do a barrel roll," "once in a blue moon" or "answer to life the universe and everything" to see for yourself. Related: Ask the wrong question and Google will tell you off For example, Google once buried an Easter egg in an otherwise conventional corporate announcement to spice it up with a reference to a fictional company. And to show support for same-sex marriage, Google displayed a rainbow flag around its search box whenever anyone typed the search words "gay" or "marriage equality." Movies are rife with Easter eggs, and the "Star Wars" series is no exception, with the Millennium Falcon appearing in unexpected places, as well as references to an earlier (an unrelated) George Lucas film "THX ""'"." "Star Wars" fandom is escalating ahead of the next installment in the long-running franchise. "The Force Awakens," the seventh episode in the nine-film series, is in theaters Dec. "4. Googling "The Force Awakens" doesn't reveal any Easter eggs ... yet. Related: Siri's best Easter eggs CNNMoney (New York) November "4, "0"5: ":"5 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .