 Google Maps for the iPhone gets a helpful new navigation feature - Nov. 5, "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Gadget Google Maps for the iPhone gets a helpful new navigation feature By Ananya Bhattacharya @CNNTech No more being late to meetings, kids waiting at school or angry spouses back home -- not if Google Maps can help it. In the latest update for iOS users, Google (GOOG) Maps has learned to show and tell: the app will now use spoken traffic directions when you are about to hit a slowdown ahead. Before you begin your trip, it will give you a verbal summary of traffic conditions. While you're moving, Google Maps will help you avoid tunnels that are overcrowded and highway routes with accidents. The app will speak to you mid-journey to notify you of any incidents that will lengthen your journey, and it will give you the option to reroute. Less. Traffic. New "GoogleMaps traffic alerts now helps iPhone users find the best route. pic.twitter.com/iq"myaIofH"mdash; Google Maps (@googlemaps) November 5, "0"5 Reminiscent of its secondary community-based navigation app, Waze, Google will heavily integrate real-time information with explanations for what is causing the delays in Maps so drivers will be able to avoid slowdowns more seamlessly than before. This feature has been available to Android users since May. Related: Google Maps gets night mode for iOS Related: Google Maps will help you avoid waiting in line CNNMoney (New York) November 5, "0"5: ":5" AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .