 Google X hopes to launch drone deliveries by "0"" - Nov. ", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Connect Google X hopes to launch drone deliveries by "0"" By Hope King @lisahopeking Google's new phones, tablet in :'0 Alphabet's secretive tech lab Google X hopes to launch delivery drones within the next two years. That's according to Dave Vos, a Project Wing executive and engineer. Project Wing has similar ambitions as Amazon Prime Air, which aims to deliver customers' packages within '0 minutes using drones. Vos was a keynote speaker at a conference for air traffic controllers on Monday. He answered questions from the audience after his talk, and one of his responses included a statement about Project Wing. "We hope we could be operating a delivery service with our Wing vehicles by "0""," a company spokeswoman quotes him as saying. Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech'0), formerly Google, and Amazon (AMZN, Tech'0) have both faced regulatory roadblocks in the United States for drone delivery programs. Amazon has called on U.S. regulators to act faster. The online shopping site most recently proposed that specific air space be designated for commercial drones to deliver packages. Alphabet has not been as outspoken. The company would not comment on its plans beyond Vos' quote. Related: Amazon wants air space designated for drones Related: Jeff Bezos says Amazon drones will be 'as common as seeing a mail truck.' Related: FAA approves fleet of '"4 commercial drones CNNMoney (New York) November ", "0"5: 4:04 PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .