 Ask the wrong question and Google Now will tell you off - Jul. "", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Ask the wrong question and Google Now will tell you off By Ananya Bhattacharya @CNNTech A long winding road, greenery and gentle music playing in the background. Then, a voice from the cramped backseat: "Are we there yet?" When Google Maps has turn-by-turn navigation turned on, the virtual assistant, Google Now, will pop up every now and then to tell you to take a turn or an exit but most of the time it stays quiet. But as virtual assistants become more human-like, mom and dad aren't the only ones who can scold annoying backseat riders anymore. You'll hear it when you tap the mic button and ask the assistant "Are we there yet?" a few times in the latest version of the app. Cody Toombs of Android Police did exactly that and discovered an "easter egg" -- a humorous response that developers hide in virtual assistants -- that pays homage to a "'"0s classic movie. The first few times Toombs asked the nagging question "Are we there yet?" the device responded with a curt "No." He dared to venture down the same path a fourth time and Google Now snapped back! "If you ask me again, we won't stop for ice cream," it replies cheekily, echoing the iconic Chevy Chase line in the first of the Vacation films, "National Lampoon's Vacation." CNNMoney (New York) July "", "0"5: ":'6 PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .