 Google OnHub router is beautifully simple - Aug. '", "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Google's new OnHub router is beautifully simple By Heather Kelly @heatherkelly Everybody puts router in a corner. It's not just because Wi-Fi routers are unattractive (though most are). We hide them away because where there's a router there's also a nest of cords and aggressively blinking lights. Inside Google's new OnHub router. Unfortunately, Wi-Fi networks are strongest when routers are visible. The antennas can reach farther when they're out in the open, not blocked by walls or furniture. Moving a router is one of the most effective things you can do to improve your Wi-Fi coverage. To solve the the ugly router problem, Google (GOOG) has, rather unexpectedly, designed its own router. The Google OnHub is a $"'' router that's easy on the eyes and even easier to set up. The company says the OnHub will simplify the set-up and day-to-day management of a wireless network. I tested one out at home, pitting it against my existing router, an Apple (AAPL, Tech'0) Airport Extreme (which is also pretty good looking, for a router). Speed tests showed the OnHub was a bit faster than the Airport connection (a difference of about 6 megabits per second). OnHub did even better at long distances, up to three rooms away. Overall the difference in network performance wasn't too huge, at least in this limited face-off. The OnHub is a squat cylindrical device. Outside is a swappable plastic shell that comes in two colors, black and blue. Google says there will be more color options in the future. It looks non-threatening -- almost cool -- and bears more than a passing resemblance to the Amazon Echo. Yes, the OnHub is attractive enough to leave laying around the house. Unfortunately, it can't do much about the power and Ethernet cords, which discretely slip out the back under the shell. Google did tone down the lights so that the router only glows when it needs to tell you something, and you can adjust their brightness. What really sets the OnHub apart is its app. Wireless networks are a marvel of modern technology -- you can stream TV shows in the bath! -- but they can also be also messy, temperamental and confusing. The OnHub app does a good job of using plain language and simplified design to help you identify problems and monitor your network. You can only set up and control the router using the companion iOS or Android mobile app. There is no desktop or web option. The app walks you through the set up process with illustrations and clear instructions. It displays how many devices are attached to the network, including how much data each is using. If you want to play favorites, you can set the router to prioritize Wi-Fi for a specific device for one, two, or four hours. Most helpfully, if there's a problem, it helps find out where exactly things are going wonky and suggests fixes. The app makes it easy to share your network. Instead of pointing houseguests to a piece of paper with your ""-character alpha numeric password scribbled on it, you can share the network name and password directly from the app. You can even manage an OnHub remotely. Anyone with elderly family members will appreciate the ability to troubleshoot their Internet connections from anywhere. The OnHub is a Google product, designed by a mix of in-house and external teams. But it's made by a third party -- in this case, TP-LINK. Soon other companies will come out with their own OnHub routers, including ASUS. This is similar to how the company approaches other hardware, including the Chromebook and Nexus smartphones. For now, the OnHub is just a nice upgrade for a home Wi-Fi network. But there are dormant features that could turn it into much more. It's primed to become a hub for all the connected devices in your home. It has Bluetooth and ZigBee build-in, though they're not currently enabled. There is no mention of a microphone (sorry Google Now fans), but it does have a ' watt speaker. Updates happen automatically, so Google could push out any improvements easily. If Google decided to unleash all the OnHub's powers, it would be much more than a pretty face. And far more likely to score a spot in my living room. The OnHub is available for pre-orders Monday on Google's website. Related: Google introduces OnHub, a smart Wi-Fi router Related: Google's Project Sunroof calculates solar cost CNNMoney (San Francisco) August '", "0"5: ':55 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .