 Google has developed a cardiac sensor wristband - Jun. "', "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Gadget Google testing a cardiac sensor wristband By Hope King @lisahopeking Google is testing a new connected wristband capable of taking ECG and measuring environmental stressors. Google is working on a wearable device that can help doctors remotely monitor patients' health. The connected wristband can take a person's electrocardiogram (or EKG) and assess environmental stressors, including light and noise levels. The "investigational device," intended for research and academic purposes, was first reported by Bloomberg Tuesday. In an email to CNNMoney, Google (GOOGL, Tech'0) says the studies will help the company figure out how the watch-like gadget could be used to study and treat diseases. Activity sensors in the wristband could detect changes in a person's mobility, which would help in studying Parkinson's, for example. Physicians could also advise heart attack patients to wear the wristband after being released from the hospital. "Our hope is that this technology could unlock a new class of continuous, medical-grade information that makes it easier to understand these patterns and manage serious health conditions," said Andy Conrad, head of the life sciences team at Google. Critics of current health trackers have argued that it's difficult to measure heart rate accurately from the wrist. One reason, they say, is that devices like the Apple (AAPL, Tech'0) Watch typically use rapidly flashing infrared light to measure blood flow changes which indicate heartbeat timing. "But bones, tendons, muscles, and vascular structure of the wrist can interfere with the ability to accurately measure heart rate and other biometrics during exercise," said Dr. Steven LeBoeuf, president of Valencell. Google's new device is able to measure electrical pulses of the heart and skin temperature. The life sciences team at Google is an internal healthcare technology group that is part of Google X labs, the same team responsible for driverless cars, Internet balloons, and contact lenses capable of measuring glucose levels in tears. Related: Fitbit stock surges nearly 50% Related: Obama's favorite wearable company gets sued CNNMoney (New York) June "', "0"5: "":'4 PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .