 How to Use Google Now on Tap - The New York Times NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer ' or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Personal Tech"How to Use Google Now on Tap Advertisement Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search search sponsored by Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/"lSF'0Y Loading... See next articles See previous articles Advertisement Supported by Personal Tech How to Use Google Now on Tap Tech Tip By J. D. BIERSDORFER NOV. "', "0"5 NOV. "', "0"5 Inside AdvertisementContinue reading the main story Tech Tip By J. D. BIERSDORFER Continue reading the main storyShare This PageContinue reading the main storyContinue reading the main story Q. How is Google Now on Tap supposed to work? I don’t see any difference between it and the original Google Now screens, even though my tablet is updated to Android 6.0.A. As its name implies, the Google Now on Tap service shows additional information about a topic on your screen when you tap and hold a smartphone or tablet’s home button. It can save you the step of switching to the Google app to search or looking at Google Now cards for that extra information.For example, when looking at a page of match scores in a soccer app, pressing down on the home button summons Google Now on Tap from the bottom of the screen, showing several boxes to choose from, including news, photos and social media links related to the game.Google Now on Tap can be handy in many situations, including providing background details and reviews for movies, television shows, music albums, restaurants, news events and other topics presented within apps or the web browser. When Google Now on Tap is enabled, you can also verbally ask a question prefaced with “O.K., Google” from any app.Google Now on Tap is part of the Google app for Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). The service currently works in English and Japanese. If your phone or tablet meets all these criteria and you still get only the standard Google Now screen when you press and hold the home button, Google Now on Tap may be not be enabled. You can turn it on in the Google app’s settings.On your Android phone or tablet, open the Google app icon and tap the three-line Menu icon in the top left of the screen. From the menu panel, select Settings and then tap Now Cards on the next screen. Switch on the button next to Now on Tap. In the box that pops up, tap the Turn On button to enable Google Now on Tap. (You can also switch on the service from the Voice settings in the Google app.) Loading... Go to Home Page "raquo; Site Index The New York Times News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art " Design ArtsBeat Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video Games Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion " Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings " Celebrations Listings " More Classifieds Tools " Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide TV Listings Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Times Insider Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions NYT Opinion Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition International New York Times "copy; "0"5 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions