 Final Earnings at the Old Hewlett-Packard Fall Short of Wall St. Expectations - The New York Times NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer ' or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Technology"Final Earnings at the Old Hewlett-Packard Fall Short of Wall St. Expectations Advertisement Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search search sponsored by Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/"QGL"SZ Loading... See next articles See previous articles Advertisement Supported by Technology Final Earnings at the Old Hewlett-Packard Fall Short of Wall St. Expectations By QUENTIN HARDYNOV. "4, "0"5 Inside Photo Meg Whitman, center, chief executive of the old HP who now runs Hewlett Packard Enterprise, at the New York Stock Exchange this month. Credit Andrew Burton/Getty Images North America AdvertisementContinue reading the main story Continue reading the main storyShare This PageContinue reading the main storyContinue reading the main story SAN FRANCISCO — Hewlett-Packard ended its life as one public company with a whimper.HP, considered the grandfather of Silicon Valley, began November as two separate entities. One, called HP Inc., sells primarily personal computers and printers. The other, HPE, sells computer hardware, software and services that are used by large companies.Meg Whitman, who was chief executive of the old HP and now runs HPE, split the entity in the hope of increasing efficiency and growth. After months of planning, the two companies began operating separate financial reporting systems in August, although they were legally one company until Oct. '0.“The cake is not baked, but we are feeling really good,” Ms. Whitman said in an interview Tuesday. In particular, she said, her business could sell a lot of computing gear to the cloud-computing companies that undid the old HP.For the quarter that ended Oct. '0, Hewlett-Packard had net earnings of $".'" billion, or "' cents a share. Revenue was $"5." billion, down ' percent from a year earlier.The earnings were below Wall Street’s expectations, which used nonstandard accounting popular in analyzing tech companies. By the nonstandard formula, HP earned '' cents a share. Analysts had expected HP to make '6 cents a share, on revenue of $"6.4 billion, according to a survey by FactSet.Shares of HP Inc. were down more than " percent in after-hours trading Tuesday, while HPE shares were up more than " percent.Of the two firms, Ms. Whitman’s HPE drew more attention, as she is trying to remake a business that sold things like computer servers and data networking into something with more software and high-value services, which can compete in the era of cloud computing.Her big bet is that major corporations will not move wholesale to cheap providers of computing power like Amazon Web Services. Instead, she hopes, they will create hybrid systems, in which they run their own computers, have other computing inside companies like AWS and Microsoft’s Azure, and subscribe to yet other cloud-based businesses, like Salesforce or Box.com. Continue reading the main story HP’s single-day trading. HP’s stock price over the last six months. Continue reading the main story Related Coverage Meg Whitman Seeks Reinvention for HP as It Prepares for SplitOCT. '0, "0"5 As a Boss, Carly Fiorina Was a Contradictory Figure at Hewlett-PackardOCT. "6, "0"5 There are reasons to think this is true. “A typical large enterprise has on average "4 cloud services from nine different providers,” said Thomas Bittman, an analyst with Gartner. “HP is in a good position to be the company that handles merging all that stuff.”HP sold companies many of the computers they own, but lost ground in the transition to a world of cloud computing and mobility.Ms. Whitman’s strategy now is led by high-value consulting, in particular helping customers in planning, managing, protecting and using hybrid cloud and on-site systems to get and analyze more data, faster.Next week HPE and Microsoft are expected to make a joint announcement that Microsoft is a “preferred partner,” meaning they will make sales calls together and recommend each other to customers.It is a plausible plan, Mr. Bittman said, that only needs revenue and profits. “It’s a good series of slides, but we need to see it in action,” he said.In the case of HP Inc., both PCs and printers are competing with both cloud and mobile devices for much of what they used to do.Revenue in both businesses fell by "4 percent, compared with a year earlier. Dion Weisler, the chief executive of HP Inc., said in an interview that lower sales of both items were likely to continue. “The industry and the markets are challenged,” he said. “It doesn’t surprise us or intimidate us.” A version of this article appears in print on November "5, "0"5, on page B" of the New York edition with the headline: Last Report From Old HP Still Misses Wall St. Forecasts. Order Reprints" Today's Paper"Subscribe Loading... Go to Home Page "raquo; Site Index The New York Times News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art " Design ArtsBeat Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video Games Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion " Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings " Celebrations Listings " More Classifieds Tools " Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide TV Listings Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Times Insider Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions NYT Opinion Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition International New York Times "copy; "0"5 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions