 Warren Buffett says he's lost $" billion on IBM - Nov. ', "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Warren Buffett says he's lost $" billion on IBM By David Goldman @DavidGoldmanCNN Buffett celebrates 50 years of Berkshire Warren Buffett's humongous IBM bet is looking worse by the day. On Friday, Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway announced that it has lost $" billion on its IBM investment. That's "5% of the more than $"' billion worth of IBM's stock that Berkshire has purchased over the past four-plus years. Buffett is keeping the faith, though. In a regulatory filing, Berkshire says it is still committed to IBM, calling the downturn in IBM's stock "temporary." "IBM continues to be profitable and generate significant cash flows," Berkshire said. "We currently have no intention of disposing of our investment in IBM common stock. We expect that the fair value of our investment in IBM common stock will recover and ultimately exceed our cost." Buffett bought just about as high as an investor could buy IBM. Berkshire started purchasing the stock in the first quarter of "0"" and bought in full-force later that year, when the stock was on a tear. The bet was looking smart for a while, as IBM's shares soared to record highs in early "0"'. But since then, IBM's stock has shed more than a third of its value. Buffett has famously avoided investing in technology companies, yet his giant stake in IBM makes it one of Berkshire's top four investments. As shares of IBM have fallen precipitously this year, Buffett saw an opportunity to buy even more shares, recently ramping up his investment. But IBM (IBM, Tech'0) is showing little sign of a quick turnaround. The company has not managed well with the industry's rapid transition to the cloud, playing catchup to Amazon and Microsoft. The cloud business is growing strong, but hardware sales are in a tailspin, and IBM just reported its "4th consecutive quarter of sales declines. Yet Buffett has insisted that IBM is not a short-term investment. He said more than four years ago when he started buying up IBM that he was in it for the long-haul. IBM investors are hopeful the Oracle's crystal ball is clear on this bet. Related: Tech's Fab 5 are now worth $"." trillion Related: Warren Buffett's top stocks are dogs this year CNNMoney (New York) November ', "0"5: ":"6 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .