 IBM’s Design-Centered Strategy to Set Free the Squares - The New York Times NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer ' or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Technology"IBM’s Design-Centered Strategy to Set Free the Squares Advertisement Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search search sponsored by Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/"kvQcg" Loading... See next articles See previous articles Advertisement Supported by Technology IBM’s Design-Centered Strategy to Set Free the Squares By STEVE LOHRNOV. "4, "0"5 Inside Photo Credit Minh Uong/The New York Times AdvertisementContinue reading the main story Continue reading the main storyShare This PageContinue reading the main storyContinue reading the main story Phil Gilbert is a tall man with a shaved head and wire-rimmed glasses. He typically wears cowboy boots and bluejeans to work — hardly unusual these days, except he’s an executive at IBM, a company that still has a button-down suit-and-tie reputation. And in case you don’t get the message from his wardrobe, there’s a huge black-and-white photograph hanging in his office of a young Bob Dylan, hunched over sheet music, making changes to songs in the “Highway 6" Revisited” album. It’s an image, Mr. Gilbert will tell you, that conveys both a rebel spirit and hard work. Let’s not get carried away. Mr. Gilbert, who is 5' years old, is not trying to redefine an entire generation. On the other hand, he wants to change the habits of a huge company as it tries to adjust to a new era, and that is no small task. Continue reading the main story Related Coverage IBM to Acquire the Weather CompanyOCT. "", "0"5 Letters: Computing by DesignNOV. "", "0"5 IBM, like many established companies, is confronting the relentless advance of digital technology. For these companies, the question is: Can you grow in the new businesses faster than your older, lucrative businesses decline? Photo At IBM, Phil Gilbert is leading the company in the "design thinking" way, an approach to business that identifies users’ needs as a starting point and works toward the product. Credit Sandy Carson for The New York Times Mr. Gilbert answers that question with something called design thinking. (His title is general manager of design.) Among other things, design thinking flips traditional technology product development on its head. The old way is that you come up with a new product idea and then try to sell it to customers. In the design thinking way, the idea is to identify users’ needs as a starting point.Mr. Gilbert and his team talk a lot about “iteration cycles,” “lateral thinking,” “user journeys” and “empathy maps.” To the uninitiated, the canons of design thinking can sound mushy and self-evident. But across corporate America, there is a rising enthusiasm for design thinking not only to develop products but also to guide strategy and shape decisions of all kinds. The September cover article of the Harvard Business Review was “The Evolution of Design Thinking.” Venture capital firms are hiring design experts, and so are companies in many industries.Still, the IBM initiative stands out. The company is well on its way to hiring more than ",000 professional designers, and much of its management work force is being trained in design thinking. “I’ve never seen any company implement it on the scale of IBM,” said William Burnett, executive director of the design program at Stanford University. “To try to change a culture in a company that size is a daunting task.”Daunting seems an understatement. IBM has more than '"0,000 employees. While its revenues are huge, the company’s quarterly reports have shown them steadily declining in the last two years. The falloff in revenue is partly intentional, as the company sold off less profitable operations, but the sometimes disappointing profits are not, and they reflect IBM’s struggle with its transition. Last month, the company shaved its profit target for "0"5.In recent years, the company has invested heavily in new fields, including data analytics, cloud computing, mobile technology, security, social media software for business and its Watson artificial intelligence technology. Those businesses are growing rapidly, generating revenue of $"5 billion last year, and IBM forecasts that they will contribute $40 billion by "0"", through internal growth and acquisitions. Just recently, for example, IBM agreed to pay $" billion for the Weather Company (not including its television channel), gaining its real-time and historical weather data to feed into Watson and analytics software. AdvertisementContinue reading the main storyBut IBM’s biggest businesses are still the traditional ones — conventional hardware, software and services — which contribute 60 percent of its revenue and most of its profit. And these IBM mainstays are vulnerable, as customers increasingly prefer to buy software as a service, delivered over the Internet from remote data centers.Virginia M. Rometty, IBM’s chief executive, has warned that this will be a difficult transition year. It will take time, she says, before its new businesses are large enough to become engines of growth for the whole company. The strategy, she insists, is the right one. What remains is to move ahead faster. “People ask, ‘Is there a silver bullet?’” Ms. Rometty said in a recent interview. “The silver bullet, you might say, is speed, this idea of speed.” Continue reading the main story IBM’s Century of Innovation From tabulating machines to artificial intelligence, IBM has been a leader in technology for the last century. Ms. Rometty is pulling other levers to accelerate the pace of change at IBM, but she said, “Design thinking is at the center.”Breaking With the PastRecognizing the importance of design is not new, certainly not at IBM. In the "'50s, Thomas J. Watson Jr., then the company’s chief executive, brought on Eliot Noyes, a distinguished architect and industrial designer, to guide a design program at IBM. And Noyes, in turn, tapped others including Paul Rand, Charles Eames and Eero Saarinen in helping design everything from corporate buildings to the eight-bar corporate logo to the IBM Selectric typewriter with its golf-ball-shaped head.At that time, and for many years, design meant creating eye-pleasing, functional products. Now design thinking has broader aims, as a faster, more productive way of organizing work: Look at problems first through the prism of users’ needs, research those needs with real people and then build prototype products quickly.Defining problems more expansively is part of the design-thinking ethos. At a course in New York recently, a group of IBM managers were given pads and felt-tip pens and told to sketch designs for “the thing that holds flowers on a table” in two minutes. The results, predictably, were vases of different sizes and shapes.Next, they were given two minutes to design “a better way for people to enjoy flowers in their home.” In Round ", the ideas included wall placements, a rotating flower pot run by solar power and a software app for displaying images of flowers on a home TV screen.Mr. Gilbert came to design thinking as a technologist and a software entrepreneur. He helped build Lombardi Software, in Austin, Tex., first as its chief technology officer and then president. Over the years, in trying to develop software faster and to improve products, he studied and adopted some of the design principles of people like David Kelley, chairman of the global design company IDEO and a founder of the Stanford design program. Photo The company is well on its way to hiring more than ",000 professional designers, and much of its management work force is being trained in design thinking. Credit Sandy Carson for The New York Times In "0"0, when IBM bought Lombardi Software, with its ""0 people, he had no inkling of what lay ahead for him.When Ms. Rometty became chief executive in January "0"", she told her executive team that she wanted to improve — “to rethink and reimagine” — the experience of IBM’s customers. This was motivated partly by a shift in how businesses were buying technology. As more purchased software as a service over the Internet, buying decisions were often being made by workers in functional departments — human relations, sales, marketing and data analytics — rather than by a central corporate information technology office. In this new market, software that was tailored to workers’ needs and could be used without technical help from IT employees would win the day. AdvertisementContinue reading the main story AdvertisementContinue reading the main storyAt a top-management meeting, Robert J. LeBlanc, a senior software executive, mentioned that there was a guy in Austin, at a start-up IBM had acquired, who was a design and user-experience fanatic. Mr. LeBlanc called Mr. Gilbert and asked if he thought the design work he was doing in a small corner of the software business could be done across IBM. Mr. Gilbert replied that he didn’t know but it was worth considering. After a couple of days’ study, Mr. Gilbert came back and said that to have an impact, IBM had to be prepared to hire and train ",000 designers.Mr. Gilbert assumed that would be the end of the matter. But two weeks later, he got a call from Ms. Rometty. “Go,” she said, as he recalled. “And how fast can you go? How many can you hire in the first year?”The Need for SpeedSince the program began in August "0"", IBM has hired several hundred designers, about two-thirds of them freshly minted college graduates and a third experienced designers. By the end of this year, IBM plans to have ","00 designers working throughout the company, on the way to a target total of ",500. They are embedded in IBM product teams and work alongside customers in the field or at one of "4 design studios around the world.IBM has hired designers from top schools like Stanford, Carnegie Mellon, the Rhode Island School of Design and Parsons School of Design. But initially, recruiting required skillful persuasion. When Mr. Gilbert first showed up at the graduate design school at Stanford, he was greeted with skepticism. “These are millennials in Silicon Valley — they think Google is an old company,” Mr. Burnett said, recalling their first impression. “To them, IBM was a historical relic.” Photo The walls are covered with drawings, text and Post-it notes — “idea parking lots,” they’re called. Credit Sandy Carson for The New York Times The recruiting pitch made by Mr. Gilbert and his colleagues has been essentially twofold: First, you can make a difference in socially important fields because IBM’s technology plays a crucial role in health care, energy, transportation, water and even agriculture. Second, you can be part of a groundbreaking effort to apply design thinking in business.At Stanford, the prevailing view of working for IBM, Mr. Burnett said, has shifted from “Are you kidding me?” to “This is a pretty interesting opportunity.”Joe Kendall thinks so. Mr. Kendall, "", finished a two-year graduate design program at Stanford and joined IBM in June. He chose IBM over Apple, where he would have worked in its iPhone business. At Apple, he figured, his opportunity would be to help make a great product a little bit better. At IBM, Mr. Kendall sees a different opportunity. “No one is using design thinking to solve problems on this scale,” he said, adding that he could be part of “changing the future of this giant entity.”IBM’s senior managers have all been through design training. Ms. Rometty and her executive team were among the first. The training varies, with executives getting one-day sessions; product managers, a week; and new designers, three-month programs. In all, about ",000 IBM employees so far have had some in-person training in design thinking. It’s an impressive number, but it’s also only " percent of the work force. AdvertisementContinue reading the main storyHow broadly design thinking is being embraced across IBM is hard to say. It is a new, unfamiliar ingredient in the corporate mix. Doug Powell, a leading design expert who joined Mr. Gilbert’s team in "0"', said, “It’s not as though the masses of IBM were waiting for us to arrive.”The incubator for the company’s ambitious experiment in corporate culture renovation can be found in a building on a corporate campus in Austin. Above a sprawling open-plan space, metal tracks fit movable whiteboard walls, creating temporary rooms — “huddle spaces” — for small teams of workers, rarely more than a dozen. The walls are covered with drawings, text and Post-it notes — “idea parking lots,” they’re called. If teams have to travel and don’t meet for a week or two, the walls come down and are stored in steel transport carts, notes and sketches intact.The space constantly changes, as teams form or disband, add people or shed them, according to the nature of the work. Photo IBM has two dozen design studios worldwide. Credit Sandy Carson for The New York Times “In a week, every one of these configurations will be different,” Mr. Gilbert observed, as he toured the floor.The work groups assemble from across IBM — hardware, software and services, but also from departments like marketing and communications. Customers are often in the mix, especially when collaborating with IBM developers to write cloud software applications. Getting clients into the free-form work space, Mr. Gilbert said, can help “fundamentally change their relationship with IBM.”That proved to be the case for GameStop, a video game and electronics retailer. Jeff Donaldson, a GameStop technology executive, recalled that IBM’s reputation at the company’s suburban Dallas headquarters was as a slow-moving corporate bureaucracy, dominated by a sales culture offering expensive hardware and software. The reputation, he said, was “certainly not positive.”But in the last year or so, the two companies have worked side by side — often in IBM’s Austin studio — to figure out better ways to serve GameStop customers with mobile devices and data. The floor staff at GameStop’s more than 4,"00 stores in the United States can now tap iPads to look up the past purchases of customers who have downloaded the GameStop app or joined the company’s loyalty program. Coupons, trade-ins and loyalty-point rewards can be offered on the spot, as well as game recommendations.The cloud software to make it happen was built in a few months, tested in a small group of stores and then quickly rolled out nationwide. Further projects are in the works to study how online behavior affects buying patterns.“They’ve completely turned us around,” Mr. Donaldson said. “We’re working with the fast company part of IBM.”Strength From AdversityIf you ask people inside IBM for a design-thinking success story, they are likely to mention Bluemix, a software tool kit for making cloud applications. In just one year, Bluemix went from an idea to a software platform that has attracted many developers, who are making apps used in industries as varied as consumer banking and wine retailing. In the past, building that kind of technology ecosystem would have taken years. Photo Mr. Gilbert, right, is based in IBM’s design studio in Austin, Tex. Credit Sandy Carson for The New York Times AdvertisementContinue reading the main story AdvertisementContinue reading the main storySoftware developers are just as important as customers to IBM, since both groups create markets. “We wanted to redefine IBM for developers,” said Damion Heredia, an IBM vice president who leads the Bluemix operation.Like most of IBM’s new units, Bluemix is run much like a start-up, at arm’s length from the corporate bureaucracy. Mr. Heredia, who worked closely with Mr. Gilbert for years, is steeped in design-thinking methods. His team studied how young programmers built cloud apps. Tarun Gangwani, a manager in the Bluemix unit, recalled traveling to all-night “hackathons” to watch developers as they worked, step by step. Guided by what they learned, the Bluemix team built prototype software, tested it with users, and modified and refined it.When a free test version of Bluemix was offered in February "0"4, Mr. Heredia figured it might attract ",000 developers in the first few months. It reached that number within a week, and a commercial version was introduced that July. Today, Bluemix is signing up "0,000 new users a week.As software becomes more an online service, analysts say, the big corporate contracts that have sustained IBM’s software business will become less frequent. “For IBM, the dollars are going to have to come from sharply expanding its customer base so that developers at all kinds of companies, including start-ups, see IBM as a place to go to build new things,” said Frank Gens, chief analyst of the market research firm IDC. “That’s not been IBM’s reputation, and that’s the challenge Bluemix faces.”IBM has an impressive track record of corporate evolution over its "04-year history. At different times, the minicomputer, the personal computer and the Internet were seen as threats to its survival. IBM’s deepest crisis — and revival — came in the "''0s after the collapsing economics of the mainframe business sent it into a tailspin. IBM was often late to new markets, but each time it adapted.The company’s predicament today has echoes of the past. IBM is gaining ground now, but it was late to the cloud business, behind Amazon, Google, Microsoft and Salesforce. The company’s financial performance is deteriorating, but it is still a corporation that generated nearly $"6 billion in net profit from continuing operations last year. Its old-line businesses are in retreat, but with Watson it seems to be at the forefront of applying data-driven artificial intelligence to mainstream industries.John E. Kelly, a senior vice president who oversees several of the new businesses and research, is a '6-year IBM veteran who has experienced plenty of ups and downs and shifts in strategy.This time, Mr. Kelly observed, is different in one way. “In the past, we changed what we were working on, but we were pretty much working the same way,” he said. “Now, we’re changing how we work too. And the how element is always related to speed.”The pace and trajectory of the business are the big questions about IBM today. IBM’s stock price has declined "6 percent in the last year. Ms. Rometty is under pressure — and that pressure will not ease until its new businesses overshadow its legacy products. “The theory is that the new lines of business grow faster than the old ones decline, but we’ve not seen it yet,” said A. M. Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein " Company.Asked what she tells anxious large shareholders, Ms. Rometty replied that “the key message” is that IBM is the only technology company that is more than a century old because it has reinvented itself repeatedly in the past, and it is doing so again today. “And that does take some time — yes, it does,” Ms. Rometty said. “But don’t underestimate us. This is in our DNA, this ability to transform.” A version of this article appears in print on November "5, "0"5, on page BU" of the New York edition with the headline: Setting Free the Squares. Order Reprints" Today's Paper"Subscribe Loading... Go to Home Page "raquo; Site Index The New York Times News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art " Design ArtsBeat Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video Games Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion " Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings " Celebrations Listings " More Classifieds Tools " Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide TV Listings Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Times Insider Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions NYT Opinion Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition International New York Times "copy; "0"5 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions