 Toyota to invest $" billion into artificial intelligence - Nov. 5, "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Toyota to invest $" billion into artificial intelligence By Heather Kelly @heatherkelly Toyota is getting serious about automated driving. On Thursday, the car company announced it is investing $" billion over the next five years into artificial intelligence and robotics research. It is creating a new company, called Toyota Research Institute Inc., that will have offices in Silicon Valley and Cambridge, Mass. The research will likely be used in fully automated cars down the line, but the Institute wants to focus on features that can help drivers avoid crashes, like automated braking, in the near future. "There are some people who are looking at autonomous driving as the end goal," said John Hanson, a Toyota (TM) spokesperson. "It is definitely off in the future. What we want to do is we want to start saving lives immediately." The group wants to decrease the turn-around time for getting new automated features from the lab into cars on the road. "What this model, we hope, will accomplish is to bridge the gap between pure research and product development," said Hanson. Driverless cars are a hot topic in Silicon Valley. Stanford has teams working on the technology, car companies have innovation centers in the area, and Google's self-driving car prototypes can be spotted on the streets. Still, fully automated cars won't be available to consumers for many years. Toyota has hired Gill Pratt, who led the DARPA Robotics Challenge, to lead the new unit. It will start in "0"6 by hiring approximately "00 people across both locations. It hopes to attract top engineers from Stanford and MIT. While some of its research will be proprietary, the Institute also plans to be part of a collaborative, open AI effort. It will work with startups, other manufactures, research institutes and universities. "We're trying to eliminate crashes all together, and that's a lot to do but we think it's doable," said Hanson. Related: Google's new self-driving cars hit the road Related: "0 car companies make automatic brakes standard CNNMoney (San Francisco) November 6, "0"5: "":5" PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .