Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review - CNET Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET "00 Appliances Audio Cameras Car Tech Desktops Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Storage Tablets TVs Wearable Tech Deals Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs "amp; Home Theaters Networking "amp; Wireless Windows " Windows "0 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs "amp; Home Theaters Networking "amp; Wireless Windows " Windows "0 Cameras All Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Car Tech CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily XCAR CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Deals Top Categories All Deals Cheapskate Black Friday Deals Web Hosting Deals Download Log In / Join Log In to CNET Sign In with Facebook Googleplus Yahoo Join CNET Member Benefits Facebook Googleplus Yahoo My Profile Forums Log Out US Edition Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review: A refined Surface Pro is still the king of the tablet PC hill By: Dan Ackerman Reviewed: October "", "0"5 Close Drag   " " ' 4 5 6 " " ' "0 "" "" "' "4 "5 Previous Next $"'".00 MSRP: $"''.00 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (Part ": SU'-0000") ' Related Models Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - "".'" - Core i5 - Windows "0 Pro - " GB RAM - "56 GB SSD cr'0000" $",""'.'5 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 ("""GB, Core i5, 4GB) cr50000" $'"'.00 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - "".'" - Core i" - Windows "0 Pro - " GB RAM - "56 GB SSD cq'0000" $",5''.00 Amazon.com $"'".00 SEE IT Amazon Marketplace $"'".00 SEE IT Adorama $"''.00 SEE IT Walmart.com $"''.00 SEE IT Target $"''.00 SEE IT See all prices Compare These Apple MacBook Pro "'-inch ("0"5) Apple MacBook ("0"5) Dell XPS "' Non-touch ("0"5) 4 stars CNET Editors' Rating '.5 stars ' user reviews The Good The Surface Pro 4 fits a larger screen with a higher resolution into a slightly slimmer body than last year's model. The pen and keyboard cover are also improved, and this is one of the first mobile systems shipping with Intel's latest processors. The Bad Microsoft still refuses to include the Type Cover keyboard by default, forcing a separate purchase. Battery life still isn't enough for a full day. The Bottom Line A host of small refinements cements the Surface Pro 4's position as the best-in-class Windows tablet -- so long as you're prepared to pay extra for the required keyboard cover accessory. ".5 Overall Features '.0 Battery life ".0 Design '.0 Performance ".0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Mobile Tablets Microsoft Surface Pro 4 The new Surface Pro 4 is Microsoft taking a victory lap -- and a well-deserved one at that. After three generations of pitching "a tablet that can replace your laptop" -- with mixed success -- the formula has finally clicked. The "0"5 version of Microsoft's tablet adds the latest Intel processors, a slightly larger screen (perfectly sized at "".' inches with a just-right ':" aspect ratio), and a handful of hardware and software tweaks, but doesn't radically change the DNA of its predecessor, "0"4's excellent Surface Pro ' . That's a wise move, because at this point, the Surface Pro line is less about pitching the very concept of the tablet PC with a detachable keyboard to wary shoppers, and more about seeing how far it can go in refining the finished product. Looking at the finely polished Pro 4, it's worth remembering the humble beginnings of the Surface line . Debuting in "0"", Microsoft's line of tablets were, if not outright mocked, then damned by faint praise at best: an overreach by a software-and-services company into the rough-and-tumble world of computer hardware; a Hail Mary response to the megasuccess of Apple's iPad the previous year. Any design innovations -- the snap-on keyboard, the fold-out kickstand -- felt overwhelmed by quirks and compromises. Not the least of which was the choice of operating system: either the much-maligned Windows ", or the the severely limited (and now deservedly extinct) Windows RT . In those early days, the Surface was looking less like an Xbox-style home run for Microsoft, and more a Zune -like fiasco.View full gallery (4" Photos) Sarah Tew/CNET But that's all ancient history -- call it the Ballmerzoic Era. The "0"4 Surface Pro ' became what Microsoft always hoped it would be: the flagship device for touch computing on Windows, the go-to alternative for those who wanted both a tablet and a laptop without feeling shortchanged on either front. The Surface Pro 4 refines the hardware formula even further, and with Windows "0 on board rather than Windows ", the platform's final big compromise evaporates too. Now, the Surface line is the design leader: Apple's upcoming iPad Pro and Google's Pixel C tablets are the ones aping Microsoft's design, adding snap-on keyboards and ramping up the multitasking chops of their touch-first operating systems. But, as a very refined product, the Surface Pro 4 is not inexpensive. The wide variety of configuration options and accessories mean that its starting price of $"'', £"4' or AU$",'4' is not very realistic. For that entry price, you get a Surface Pro tablet with an Intel Core M' CPU, """GB of solid state storage and 4GB of RAM, plus a touchscreen stylus that magnetically attaches to the side of the screen. From the handful of systems we've tested with earlier Core M processors from Intel, it's just not what you're looking for from a full-time, all-day, everyday computer. The latest versions may be better, but we have yet to benchmark them in a consumer laptop or tablet. A more suitable choice for most will be the mainstream Intel Core i5. Microsoft has updated the processors across the board in the Surface Pro 4 line to Intel's still-new sixth-generation models, sometimes referred to by the codename Skylake, and a configuration with a Core i5 jumps to $'''. Double the storage to "56GB and the RAM to "GB, and you're at $","'' (and that is the specific configuration tested here). You could spend more than $",000 for an even faster Core i" processor and bigger hard drive. View full gallery (4" Photos)The Surface Pro 4 next to the Surface Pro '. Sarah Tew/CNET But no matter how much you spend on a Surface Pro 4, when you open the box and set it up, there will be one important missing ingredient. The Type Cover, a slim keyboard and screen protector in one, is still sold separately, no matter which Surface Pro 4 configuration you buy. From the earliest days of the Surface, that keyboard cover has rightly been called out as an impressive engineering feat, and the latest version even improves on that. It now features widely spaced island-style keys (like those found on practically every laptop), and a larger touchpad with a better touch surface. Like the previous Type Covers, it connects via a magnetic hinge along the bottom of the tablet, and folds shut over the cover for easy transport. Also like previous Type Covers, it costs an extra $""', £"0' or AU$"''. We rarely see a Surface in Microsoft's advertising materials or press previews without the keyboard cover attached, but for some reason, the company still won't pack the most noteworthy part of the Surface ecosystem into the box. For such a premium product, it's an omission that continues to mystify. At least the touchscreen stylus -- improved over last year's version, and magnetically attachable to the tablet's edge -- is included by default. Likewise, the display is a tad larger ("".' inches diagonally versus ""), without expanding the overall size of the tablet.View full gallery (4" Photos) Sarah Tew/CNET The one design issue that Microsoft hasn't changed with the Surface Pro 4 is its "lapability" problem. When the keyboard is attached, its rear kickstand works well on a tabletop -- but typing on your lap or in a crowded airline seat remains a logistical challenge. Instead, Microsoft has addressed this problem with a whole new sister product, the Surface Book . Billed as the "ultimate laptop," it takes some of the Surface Pro's design cues (detachable screen, impressive keyboard) and folds them into a more traditional notebook-style product with a strong hinge that keeps it from tipping back. The Surface Book is cool, and available in even more powerful configurations -- but it lacks the Pro 4's lighter weight and better portability. Just as the Surface Pro is a full-time tablet and part-time laptop, the Surface Book is a full-time laptop and part-time tablet, and may be what someone looking for a combination of laptop and tablet features is really looking for. Detached from their respective keyboards, the two screens are difficult to distinguish at even a few feet away, and it makes one wonder if the next generation of these products won't be a single high-performance tablet that combines with your choice of a clamshell laptop base or a portable keyboard cover. Now, that would be something that could truly be a no-compromise tablet and laptop at the same time.Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Price as reviewed $","'', £",0"', AU$",''' Display size/resolution "".'-inch ","'6x",""4-pixel touchscreen display CPU ".4GHz Intel Core i5-6'00U Memory (RAM) "GB Graphics """MB Intel HD Graphics 5"0 Storage "56GB SSD Networking "0".""ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.0 Operating system Microsoft Windows "0 Pro (64-bit) Design and features The Surface tablet line set out its basic design rules with the very first generation of products and has largely stuck to its guns since. What we've seen, instead of wholesale reimagining, is a steady march of improvements to the display and chassis, helping the product feel just a bit more premium with every generation. The earliest Surface Pro models were "'mm thick, while last year's Surface Pro ' shaved that down to '."mm. This year, we're down to ".4mm, despite increasing the size of the screen. Both the Surface Pro ' and Surface Pro 4 are "." pounds (""" grams) by themselves, or ".5 pounds ("."' kg) with their keyboard cover and stylus pens attached.View full gallery (4" Photos) Sarah Tew/CNET One of the biggest improvements to last year's Surface Pro carries over here: the highly adjustable kickstand, which can be adjusted to nearly any angle between "" and "50 degrees. The kickstand, which runs the entire width of the system, is stiff enough that it will stay where you put it, and hardly moves at all, even when using your fingers or the pen on the touchscreen. Missing from the black bezel surrounding the screen this time around is the capacitive Windows logo touch button. In previous Surface models, this moved around from the long edge to the short edge of the system, but always served the same purpose: to take you back to the Windows " tile interface. As we're now operating in the Windows "0 world, having a physical home button isn't necessary, although the Windows "0 "tablet mode" is still very similar to what Window " looked like.The pen, almost perfected Also missing is the awkward plastic loop that used to tether the included stylus (Microsoft calls it a pen) to the keyboard cover. The new pen accessory is a little larger than the previous model, and has a flat edge along one side. This allows it to securely connect to the left or right edge of the tablet via a fairly strong magnetic connection. While it may seem dodgy if you plan on running around all day with your tablet, inserting and removing it from a backpack or shoulder bag, I found that the pen remained securely attached, even in my bag -- although I'd recommend doing frequent spot-checks to make sure it hasn't popped off.View full gallery (4" Photos) Sarah Tew/CNET Clicking the eraser-like button on the back of the pen automatically brings up OneNote, Microsoft's preferred app for pen input. If you have all your Microsoft cloud services properly setup, your OneNote files can sync to other devices such as your phone or tablet (with cross-platform support on Android and iOS devices) or laptop (Windows or Mac). I also used the pen with a variety of other apps, including the built-in Fresh Paint, for drawing and sketching, and the New York Times crossword puzzle app, which took pen input and converted it to printed characters. You can also tap the pen on most text fields, even in a Web browser, and a pop-up box will take handwritten input and convert it to text for Web searches, filling in forms or composing email.View full gallery (4" Photos)Comic book artist Dan Parent works on the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book. Sarah Tew/CNET Microsoft says the new pen offers reduced latency, and ",0"4 pressure levels. It's excellent overall, and an improvement over last year's version. Aftermarket swappable tips for the pen should appeal to artists looking for a specific feel and size. Play But don't take my word for it. We were able to coax comic book writer and artist Dan Parent, best known for his work on "Archie" comics, to test drive both the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book. As an illustrator who works both on paper and in programs such as Photoshop, he was impressed by the feel of the Surface Pen and especially its eraser. You can see more of his reactions and a live drawing demo in our video. 'Archie' artist Dan Parent draws on the Surface... See full gallery " - 5 of "5 Next Prev CONTINUE TO NEXT PAGE 0" 0" Editors' Top PicksSee All Apple MacBook Pro "'-inch ("0"5) Starting at: $",04'.00 4 stars The smaller MacBook Pro with Retina Display gets a new CPU in "0"5, faster flash memory... Apple MacBook ("0"5) Starting at: $","''.00 4 stars Apple's new ""-inch MacBook is brilliantly designed and light as a feather, but its single... Dell XPS "' Non-touch ("0"5) Starting at: $"''.00 4 stars The design on this less expensive version of the XPS "' isn't as slick, but battery life... Microsoft Surface Book Starting at: $",4''.00 4 stars The Surface Book is a high-end laptop and part-time tablet, with some hidden gaming chops. Dan Ackerman twitter facebook googleplus Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than "5 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. See full bio This week on CNET News The biggest tech turkeys of "0"5 Firefox maker Mozilla: We don't need Google's money anymore Star Wars goes virtual reality with Google Cardboard   Discuss: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Car Tech Desktops Laptops Phones Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing Tomorrow Daily XCAR CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET "00 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS