 Tesla fixes bug after hackers hijack Model S - Aug. 6, "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Cyber-Safe Tesla fixes bug after hackers hijack Model S By Jose Pagliery @Jose_Pagliery Tesla Model S cars had a flaw -- until recently -- that let hackers hijack the controls. Until this week, a deranged mechanic could remotely hack and hijack a Tesla Model S car long after it left the shop. There were computer flaws in the car's software, according to two security researchers who plan to reveal their discoveries at the DEF CON hacking conference on Friday. They gave CNNMoney a preview of their findings. Anyone with physical access to the inside of the Model S could infect it with malware that later gave them remote control of the car. A hacker could turn it off without warning, open doors or make the electronics display faulty information. Moved by the findings, Tesla (TSLA) just issued a fix. Cars will automatically receive software updates over their existing wireless Internet connections on Thursday, the company said. Tesla stressed that this particular hack required initial physical access to the inside of the car. The researchers were Kevin Mahaffey, who co-founded the cybersecurity startup Lookout, and Marc Rogers, a security researcher at CloudFlare which protects websites from hacks. The duo said they found half a dozen other flaws with the Model S. For instance, Tesla cars were using an outdated, four-year-old Web browser. That means it was susceptible to all sorts of known hacks that other browsers, like Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, have already fixed. Heading to the wrong website could let the car get infected -- giving hackers remote control of the car, Rogers explained. That's because the sensitive instruments inside the car weren't verifying that they were getting instructions from a legitimate source (for example, the brakes). After accessing the car's dashboard and loading it with malware, Mahaffey and Rogers took the Tesla to an empty parking lot in Los Angeles and sent remote commands to the car from an iPhone. Rogers was able to unlock the car's doors pop open the trunk and (at extremely slow speeds) lurch the car to a halt while making everything inside go dark. To Tesla's credit, at high speeds, the command to shut the car off just put the vehicle in neutral and let the driver steer it to a safe spot. Rogers said that, despite the flaws they found, Tesla is actually way ahead of all other car manufacturers. He called them proactive and very receptive to security advice. "In the auto industry, that's unusual," Rogers said. Cars are still mostly dumb on the inside -- yet companies are rushing to slap Internet connectivity on them anyway. The end result is like having a smartphone on wheels, except it's a device that's incredibly susceptible to computer viruses -- and travels at highway speeds. "Modern cars have more in common with a laptop than they do with the Ford Model T," Mahaffey stressed. This flaw in Teslas is only the latest example. In July, Chrysler was forced to recall Jeeps and other models after researchers revealed Chryslers can be hacked over the Internet. What a hacked Jeep looks like on the road Related: Chryslers can be hacked over the Internet Related: You can hack this high-tech rifle Related: CNN's cybersecurity Flipboard magazine CNNMoney (New York) August 6, "0"5: ":00 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .