 Instagram gets into real-time news - Jun. "', "0"5 Business The Hyperloop: "" things to know Media Access Davos Who is..? 5 Stunning Stats Markets Warren Buffett to campaign for Hillary Clinton Trade Buzz Profit Investing Economy Premarkets Market Movers Dow '0 After-Hours World Markets Investing Guide The Open Stockswatch Tech'0 Fear "amp; Greed Tech Kids' info is exposed in toymaker hack Innovate Gadget Connect Best In Tech Cyber-Safe CES Innovative Cities Media Luxury Driving the ultimate in '50s Mercedes-Benz style Voyage Rare Wealth Millionaire Calculator Rich Quiz $"5 Million Homes CNN International U.S. Log In Log Out Instagram gets into real-time news By Heather Kelly @heatherkelly The new Instagram Explore tab shows posts and accounts based on live news and events near you. In April, amateur photographer Devin Allen started sharing his striking black and white photos of Baltimore protests on Instagram. One photo made the cover of Time Magazine, another was shared by Rihanna. But many of Instagram's '00 million users had no idea something remarkable was happening outside the bubble of their news feeds. On Tuesday, Instagram overhauled its neglected Explore tab and updated its search feature to highlight real-time events. The new Explore screen shows a list of trending tags for current hot topics like the confederate flag, along with the made-up holidays popular on social media like National Pink Day, Olympic Day, and Stick Your Tongue Out Tuesday (all today). Human-organized Collections group together photos and accounts by themes, like NBA athletes and ancient ruins. For now, these updates are only available in the U.S. Related: Don't ditch that BlackBerry yet! It also tweaked the Search feature for everyone in the world, adding the ability to look up photos by location. Facebook-owned Instagram is the latest company to try and wrangle its unruly amount of content so it's easier for people to follow live events. Twitter (TWTR, Tech'0) is the go-to social network for breaking news, but its reverse-chronological feed can be overwhelming and it's difficult for new users to know where to start or who to follow. The company is working on a similar solution for highlighting real-time content, called Project Lightning, though it won't be available until later this year. Facebook (FB, Tech'0) is the most heavily curated option, and is constantly changing the algorithms that control News Feed. It does so much meddling that often, instead of showing timely news, it displays posts about breaking news a day late. Instagram is unique in that it revolves around photos and videos. For the stories with a huge visual impact -- protests, concerts, wildfires, weather, natural disasters -- Instagram is a powerful way to see what's happening. It just needs to get people to look beyond the dogs, baby's first steps and flawless soufflés that fill their main feed every day. Related: Charging your phone will soon be a theme of the past CNNMoney (San Francisco) June "', "0"5: 5:5" PM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Bill Gates launches multi-billion dollar clean energy fund These 6 American stocks can handle the stronger dollar and higher rates This solar company will power Middle East oil Search for Jobs Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers GoBankingRates Refinance your debt with a 5% APR personal loan Featured checking accounts; no fee’s and cash back opportunities Explore and compare CD rates – open a new account today You can earn more money in your savings account with an online bank – find out how. Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site "amp; Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © "0"5 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. "0"5. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S"amp;P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard "amp; Poor's and S"amp;P are registered trademarks of Standard "amp; Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices """6'; S"amp;P Dow Jones Indices LLC "0"5 and/or its affiliates. "copy; "0"4 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .